[{u'_score': 3.8690329, u'_type': u'item', u'_id': u'310', u'_source': {u'text': u'\n\n\n\n\n\nDihydrogen monoxide claims yet another victim.\nMetro Man: Copper... drains... my powers! Megamind: Your weakness is copper? You\'re kidding, right?\n\u2014 Megamind note\xa0He actually was kidding.\nBeing a Super Hero ain\'t easy. Most of the original Flying Bricks have the good Achilles heels covered, and the pharmacy is even out of Psycho Serum to give you a cheap Backstory gimmick to explain your powers.\nWhat\'s left for the modern hero and villain to do? Make do with a Weaksauce Weakness. It\'s great for comedic effect, but just as often it ends up being an Achilles\' Heel that makes your average Mundane Solution seem perfectly reasonable by comparison.\nThe weakness isn\'t a common household cleaning agent like Mundane Solution, but something so incredibly, stupidly embarrassing you\'d think the Super Hero would never use his power out of shame in the off chance someone found out about it, or because it shows up regularly in the course of their super heroing. The "weakness" might come in the form of the fuel for the super power, a humiliating Transformation Sequence or activation phrase, an Embarrassing but Empowering Outfit, or just a set of restrictions on the powers that really are begging to get laughed at. Therefore, this is one of the most popular ways to Bless your hero With Suck.\nIf the weakness is a Logical Weakness, it can be pulled off. If not, it can seriously stress the Willing Suspension of Disbelief, unless it\'s Played for Laughs.\nEspecially cruel writers will have clever villains make it a Weaponized Weakness. However, a Kryptonite-Proof Suit can even the odds.\nThis is also commonly exploited in an Easily Thwarted Alien Invasion, where Bizarre Alien Biology is probably to blame.\nSubtropes include:\n Cannot Cross Running Water\n Can\'t Use Stairs\n Cold Iron (depending on the definition of "cold")\n Salt Solution\n Super Drowning Skills\n Vampires Hate Garlic\n Verbal Weakness\n Weakened by the Light\nRelated to Why Did It Have to Be Snakes?. See also Kryptonite Factor. If played for laughs, the one so harmed may Fight Off the Kryptonite. In extreme cases, the character will defend themselves from the weakness with a Cross-Melting Aura. For the inversion, of being at risk from a lack of something, see Phlebotinum Dependence.\n\nExamples:\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0open/close all folders\xa0 \n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Anime & Manga\xa0\n Tobor, the 8th Man, recharged his powers with an inhalant stored in small, thin, white tubes that he carried in a cigarette case. When the bad guys allowed him "one last smoke" before executing him, this was great; when he was having a fight where kids could see him, he worried about setting a bad example by appearing to smoke.\n JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure:\n Vampires are seen as nearly invincible gods among men...unless the sun is out. Or you punch them with sunlight-infused martial arts. Or you hit them really hard in the brain and screw up their ability to control their own bodily functions (though not many beings out there aren\'t immune to that). Or just have a Pillar Man (essentially super vampires) so much as touch them, which will cause them to be instantly absorbed.\n Pillar Men also have a weakness to the sun and Hamon, but due to their biology (and possibly Kars\'/Cars\' stone masks) they can turn themselves into something similar to stone blocking off UV rays. When Kars becomes the Ultimate Lifeform, he loses his weakness to the sun among other benefits.\n In Slayers, female spell-casters have a very common and mundane weakness: menstruation. During a woman\'s menstruation period, her magical power output drops tremendously, so much so that even the protagonist, Lina Inverse, who is one of the strongest sorceresses in the entire Slayers setting, is barely able to cast a novice Light spell during her period. This is apparently a well-known weakness, as Zelgadis and even Gourry both figure out why her powers are weakened at one point, though Gourry is so ignorant that he doesn\'t understand the significance of "that time of the month" and just assumes it\'s magic-related.\n One Piece:\n Anyone who\'s eaten a Devil Fruit gets amazing powers, but they all share one weakness; the inability to swim. At all. If they are so much as half-submerged in water of any kind, they become paralyzed (and for many, their powers stop working). Which is kind of a problem, seeing as how many of the encountered Devil Fruit users are pirates or marines in a world that\'s ninety percent ocean.\n Though this is more of a subversion in that this weakness very, very rarely becomes an issue, especially considering how many Devil Fruit users are in the series and how four of them are in the main cast. This is even lampshaded in the Enies Lobby arc; when two members of CP9 are trying to decide whether or not to eat Devil Fruits that had been provided to them, Rob Lucci mentions that being unable to swim isn\'t much of a problem(then again, all members of CP9 have the ability to Double Jump, so there\'s that).\n Depending on the situation, basic hypnosis (such as Jango\'s ring or Ms. Goldenweek\'s emotion-altering paint) serves as one of the weaknesses for Monkey D. Luffy, the protagonist. Due to his simple-minded nature, he just won\'t have the sense to turn away, which makes him helpless and left to the devices of his enemies.\n Water is actually a much greater weakness to Sir Crocodile, as he is a man who can turn into sand; if water strikes him, the sand "sticks together," and he is rendered unable to turn into sand at all, thus leaving him fully open to attack. He has a natural defense in that his sand powers extend to causing alarmingly fast dehydration with direct skin contact. In addition, he has the good sense to not only do his villainous business on a relatively large island, but on a desert island. He also uses Dance Powder to not only to frame the king in an effort to overthrow him, but also to stop it from raining in the town he was using as a base. In addition, on the off-chance that someone was able to negate his logia defense for a significant period time (like with Luffy), he\'s skilled in other combat arts as well. His hook has a second, poisoned hook under it, and if that hook gets broken, he can eject a knife in its place.\n In-universe, at least, we have Eneru. His Shock and Awe abilities are considered among the most godlike Devil Fruit powers in the setting, yet Luffy\'s relatively low-tier Rubber Man powers completely and utterly negated them, to the point that Eneru had to get really creative with his powers just to find a way to harm Luffy at all, and only his unrelated Spider-Sense ability protected him from getting beaten to a pulp pretty much instantly.\n Blackbeard has one of the most powerful abilities in universe. He can wipe out entire towns in seconds, shoot the debris out like cannon, and negate Devil Fruit powers. But he can\'t dodge anything. While most Logia-fruit users can have attacks pass right through them, Blackbeard is quite the opposite, making any physical attack super-effective. Basically increased pain without the ability to die, like getting stabbed with fire.\n The specialists, the Paper Sisters in Read or Dream can telekinetically manipulate paper... unless it\'s wet. This was not a weakness for Yomiko Readman, who is shown on camera manipulating paper while underwater. This is actually explained in-universe. The Paper Sisters\' powers are essentially imperfect clones of Yomiko\'s, artificially created by Dokusensha; which is why they are weaker and more specialized/limited. Water naturally disrupts the structural integrity of paper, and their inferior powers are not sufficient to maintain it the way Yomiko can.\n Macross:\n Super Dimension Fortress Macross has an alien attack force made up of gigantic Scary Dogmatic Aliens who are a proud warrior race do a mass Mook\x96Face Turn because of... singing. And souvenirs. In fairness, it does make sense in the story (at least as much as The War of the Worlds Martians being vulnerable to Earth\'s diseases) and is perhaps one of the best logical conclusions to a typical alien\'s Planet of Hats treatment. The Zentradi have no culture to speak of other than fighting, so when exposed to humans and their culture in the form of songs and interacting with the other gender after sending a team of spies to the SDF-1, typical Zentradi start feeling emotions, questioning their purpose, and becoming similar to humans. Because of this, their entire fleet gets deemed "contaminated" by the unexposed Zentradi and programmed for destruction. In the face of this Enemy Civil War, they wisely choose to ally with the humans. Still, it doesn\'t quite wash away the faint air of ridiculousness when Minmay\'s singing becomes an offensive weapon to unbalance the unexposed Zentradi in their attack.\n Those who consider Minmei The Scrappy half-jokingly argue the Zentraedi were distracted by her singing because it was so bad in the Robotech dub.\n The initial use of Minmay\'s voice as a weapon is actually short-lived: while the Zentradi were initially too distracted to react, as soon as the heroes opened fire they started firing back. The real decisive weapon in that engagement was Minmei kissing Kaifun: the Zentradi were so disgusted they stopped fighting effectively, trying absolutely anything to erase the image from their minds, including firing in the middle of nowhere (a Zentradi heavy cruiser was observed doing exactly this as Hikaru locked his nukes on it) and listening to Minmei\'s songs.\n Taken to even greater extremes in Macross 7 where the spirit draining Protodevilns\'s only weakness is actually the energy produced by music. It produces a spiritual energy "too pure for them to absorb" and regenerates the lost energy in those drained by them.\n In one humorous scene, a Protodeviln gets a "brilliant idea" for shielding himself against the humans\' singing. He puts on earplugs. This actually does work, but Basara just plays even louder. Afterward the Protodeviln installed a noise canceller in his mech, which proved much more effective.\n Incidentally, one OVA shows us that Minmei\'s registered songs have absolutely no effect on unexposed Meltrandi (the FEMALE Zentradi), who just ignore them (partly because they had the common sense to just jam the frequencies used to broadcast them), but BASARA\'s songs made them groupies the very moment he managed to get them to hear him. It baffled a UN Spacy higher-up, who had assumed the Meltrandi would just jam the broadcast (both times the Minmei tactic had been seen used had been with broadcasts the enemy didn\'t jam for one reason or another).\n In Rosario + Vampire, vampires are considered the high end of the monster scale, but the fact that you can take a vampire down with a glass of water kinda puts a dampener on that idea. Though, you\'d have to be of werewolf speed to even consider hitting them with the stuff in the first place. Vampires are ironically said to have the most weaknesses compared to any other monster. Things like silver would also do them in.\n Ranma \xbd:\n The titular hero(ine) can be incapacitated by the mere sight of a cute little kitten. However, those who attempt this should note to apply said weakness quickly and forcefully \u2014 prolonged, intense exposure has a tendency to backfire. Thanks to his Gender Bender curse, cold water can also count as a weakness. Technically. Ranma\'s female form has less strength and reach than his male form (though the anime is explicit that Ranma\'s speed is boosted in this form, so it\'s more of a trade), but s/he can still pull off all of his/her normal attacks. Based on a character with an identical curse, it\'s also possible that being in female form weakens his Ki Attacks.\n His fiancee Shampoo and his main rival Ryoga Hibiki have an even worse case of the water weakness than Ranma does; Jusenkyo made them become a little kitten and miniature pig respectively when splashed with cold water. So they go from incredibly powerful fighters to harmless little animals whose only recourse is to run or hide until they can get some hot water. Genma Saotome, Ranma\'s father, subverts it; his panda form loses little, if any, speed and agility while gaining in strength and toughness due to the increased bulk. Mousse, meanwhile, seesaws between subverting this trope and playing it straight with his duck curse; while it is much smaller, weaker and can\'t use his physical attacks, it can fly and he\'s still capable of throwing barrages of knives, darts and bombs in it.\n And a non-water version applies to Happosai, who is such a Dirty Old Man that his perversion becomes his own Achilles heel. If there is a fight serious enough, or a reward great enough, that he can\'t be immediately distracted from whatever he was doing by the sight of girls in skimpy clothing, bare cleavage or a bra, it hasn\'t come up in the series. He can even be lured right into dangers simply by tossing a bra in the right place.\n Spoiled prince Saffron has incredible fire magic powers, the ability to fly and regenerate so fast that he can tear off his own wings to use as throwing weapons and grow them back in seconds, but because of his lax and pampered upbringing he can\'t take any sort of physical blow and in a world full of martial artists that\'s a big problem\n From Cromartie High School:\n My name is Yutaka Takenouchi, and I have only one weakness ... I am very susceptible to motion sickness!\n Fairy Tail:\n Natsu is Made of Iron, he can breathe fire and cause massive property damage simply by punching someone, but he too suffers from the ignominious susceptibility to transportation. At least once it was actually exploited to defeat him in battle. This motion sickness seems to extend to being carried by people, as well. He\'s perfectly fine being taken to flight by Happy the cat, however, reasoning that Happy isn\'t a vehicle. According to Rogue, all Dragon Slayers suffer from this.\n Wendy however, doesn\'t suffer from transportation. Rather, She\'s weak to pickled plums.  After the 1-year timeskip, she started to suffer from transportation.\n Gajeel, similarly only began suffering from motion sickness after joining Fairy Tail. It\'s never explained why it never bothered him before, only that eventually all Dragon Slayers gain this weakness.\n In Bleach, Espada #9 Aaroniero can\'t use his shapeshifting when in sunlight. Though he can still use any of his other 30,000+ powers (not that he does before getting killed, but he had the option). To make matters worse, he lives in Hueco Mundo, which has no natural sun. His boss builds a fake one for no discernible reason.\n Fullmetal Alchemist:\n In the manga and second anime, Pride can project razor-sharp tentacle-like shadows from his body. But he can only project them where ordinary shadows could be cast; complete darkness renders him unable to attack and bright lights can cut off his tentacles. Granted, he is still near immortal even when he can\'t attack; in a way he is both the most powerful and the most vulnerable homunculus.\n A common mistake for people in the series is to assume that Flame Alchemist Roy Mustang is useless when wet (or without his gloves). This is only true to a certain extent (he\'s arguably more dangerous with lots of water around so long as he has an alternative method of creating a spark, as he can spit the water into hydrogen and oxygen and then ignite it...the problem is that unless he can trap the target in an enclosed area with the water he\'s liable to blow up any nearby allies and himself at the same time, hence this technique being very rarely used), and let\'s just say he earned his rank.\n A combination of this and Berserk Button: Insulting Ed\'s height, while entertaining, has a tendency to impair his judgement as he blindly charges the enemy. This is mostly Played for Laughs, although Pride uses it once to get an edge in combat.\n Pride: Appearances can often be deceiving. Isn\'t that right, little alchemist?\n Ed: Grk!\n *Pride attacks*\n In Naruto, Konan of the Akatsuki is, like all members of that group, very powerful. Yet her paper-based techniques can be completely nullified by spraying oil on her to make her stick together (a technique one human ninja and some summoned toads have), although water can release her.\n Adam Blade from NEEDLESS has a weakness for little girls, and usually ended up getting his butt kicked because of this. Though later in the manga his weakness had developed from mere lolis to naked lolis. On the other hand, his love for lolis can temporally boost his strength and saves him from a Lotus-Eater Machine, so it\'s subverted.\n Emperor Nightmare, the leader of Nightmare Enterprises (Holy Nightmare Co. in the Japanese version) in Kirby: Right Back at Ya!, is weak against AND afraid of one weapon that Kirby can take control of by swallowing his Warp Star: the Star Rod.\nNightmare: Aaaah! How did Kirby discover the secret?! That pitiful little Star Warrior has found my only weakness! I am helpless against the power of the Star Rod! WAAAAUUUUGGGGHHH!!!!\n The Dai Gurren in Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann is a walking battleship... that is not designed to go on water. A battleship that isn\'t designed to go on water.\n In one episode of Myriad Colors Phantom World, the team are pitted against a Youkai Phantom in the form of a sunflower. They can\'t beat him until Koito works out that because he\'s a sunflower, he can only face towards the sun. They therefore defeat him by simply walking round him and attacking from behind, where he can\'t see or reach them.\n In Ah! My Goddess, Urd is put to sleep by Enka music, traditional Japanese ballads. When someone tries to take advantage of this fact, she just pops in earplugs.\n Mara is weak to rock music; it causes her to dance uncontrollably.\n Dragon Ball:\n The only way to defeat Chaozu\'s psychic attacks is to break his concentration. Krillin does this by asking him extremely difficult math questions. Like 9 - 1. After that his teacher the Crane Hermit immediately gave him remedial math lessons.\n Apparently, whistling around Piccolo, or any Namek can really incapacitate them. This becomes a plot point in the DBZ movie Lord Slug where Piccolo  asks Gohan to start whistling after ripping off his own ears in a desperate attempt to stop Lord Slug.\n In the Otherworld Tournament filler, Goku shows that he\'s exceptionally vulnerable to being tickled given that Caterpy is able to hold Goku in place and torture him for several minutes despite Goku being many times stronger than him without becoming a Super Saiyan.\n In each of their respective Non-Serial Movie appearances, the embodiments of evil Hirudegarn and Janemba become defenseless when enraged/insulted.\n In Fukashigi Philia, the villain Shidow is extremely fearful towards water to the point if he gets in contact with it, he will go berserk and have his abilities neutralized.\n All of the Abilities Users created by Noa and Isumi have a particular weakness - it\'s usually whatever originally killed them (such as water for Shidow, who drowned, or dry ice for another, who froze to death).\n From Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple, we have Akisame Koetsuji, the Jujutsu Philosopher. Master martial artist, a doctor so skilled he can raise the recently dead, and master of a bazillion and six other fields. He\'s one of Kenichi\'s six super-powerful masters... and green peppers make him so ill that he can be held at bay simply by hanging one outside his door.\n Kinnikuman is weakened by milk. Though after he goes insane during his match against Curry Cook and drinks the stuff, it becomes apparent that he just thinks it\'s disgusting.\n Fairies from Humanity Has Declined are killed by EM waves, a.k.a. light, the most ubiquitous thing in the universe. If the setting wasn\'t After the End they\'d be screwed. And they still have problems with it anyway.\n Shiina from Angel Beats! is Ranma turned Up to Eleven: a ridiculously hypercompetent ninja, but when she sees a puppy about to go over a waterfall she instinctively does a Stupid Sacrifice, getting them both killed...and it was a stuffed puppy. The puppy trap was actually meant for Angel, so it\'s possible she has the same weakness.\n Italy from Axis Powers Hetalia can run insanely fast, and  defeated the Ottoman Empire, which was pretty powerful at the time, while he was only a child. According to the author, the only thing keeping him from dominating Europe is that he\'s just too afraid to.\n Shiina in Gourmet Girl Graffiti absolutely can\'t be splashed by rain; any amount would make her instantly sick for a whole week. This is why she was wearing a whole hazmat gear when she\'s "risking it" to the cram school in chapter 6/episode 4. Dishwater apparently does the same thing, as seen in episode 7.\n In Cowboy Bebop, Pierrot le Fou a.k.a. Tongpu is a psychotic, unstoppable, bulletproof Psychopathic Manchild. He has exactly two weaknesses, both psychological: A pathological fear of cats due to the experiments that he was subjected to, and  feeling pain, induced in this case by Spike hurling a knife (a projectile too slow to be stopped by Pierrot\'s experimental shield) into his thigh.\n In Kobayashisan Chi No Maid Dragon Tooru mentioned that her friend Herensuge was beaten to death by an egg without a yolk. This is actually a reference to the legend that Herensuge could be killed by cracking an egg on its head.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Comedy\xa0\n One of ventriloquist Jeff Dunham\'s puppets is a goofy superhero wannabe named Melvin, who has no realistic powers to speak of, but is enthusiastic about it. He also has not one, but two weaknesses: cupcakes and porn \u2014 though not both at the same time, however, because he needs a free hand.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Comic Books\xa0\n Almost every Green Lantern from The Silver Age of Comic Books onward had yellow as his main weakness. Any criminal could waltz past him by wearing a yellow suit and stealing only gold, and shoot yellow painted bullets from gold plated guns. That being said, a clever person could find a way around it. Such as using the ring to pick up something not made of yellow, and hitting the criminal with it. There have been various explanations such as programming bugs or a deliberately-induced Fantastic Fragility, but the currently-accepted explanation is a combination of yellow representing fear, the enemy of the Heroic Willpower energy the Lanterns wield, and the fact that a yellow fear monster had been imprisoned in the Central Battery, tainting the power source. The weakness can now be recognized and overcome, and adaptations tend to downplay it into almost nothing.\n Frank Miller parodied this in All-Star Batman & Robin, the Boy Wonder. Before confronting Green Lantern, Batman and Robin paint a house, and everything in it, yellow. Then they put on yellow costumes. Then they paint their exposed faces yellow. When GL comes over, Batman goes so far as to offer him a nice refreshing glass of lemonade, while Robin eats some lemon ice cream. Hal was not amused. Readers were.\n The original Green Lantern was almost as bad \u2014 his weakness was wood. Since so few people knew it as later Green Lanterns became famous, however, he in many cases seemed more powerful than the new Green Lanterns because, for example, the Sinestro Corps yellow power rings couldn\'t even make him flinch.\n This was parodied in the Justice League Golden Age Affectionate Parody episode "Legends", with his stand-in version "Green Guardsman", who had a weakness to aluminum. Either way, you\'ve got a superhero who could appear on the news after having been beaten to death with a baseball bat \u2014 and considering that one of his foes was the Sportsmaster, who did wield a baseball bat... it\'s pretty darned weaksauce.\n It didn\'t hurt that wood, while very common when Alan Scott first hit the scene, had become rarer in civilization by the time The Silver Age of Comic Books hit. Villains in The DCU tend to decorate in metal, plastic, and Zee Rust by then, which means even less to block that strange ring with.\n This actually becomes a problem for him in the Elseworlds story Kingdom Come. Like most of the other original heroes, Green Lantern Alan Scott\'s powers have progressed to a ludicrous level - he keeps watch over the Earth in a massive emerald Space Station, constructed himself a suit of impressive armor, and carries around a sword made out of pure energy - all from his power ring. None of it helps very much against Green Arrow in the final battle, since this Oliver Queen\'s arrows are made out of wood.\n This was the main reason that Solomon Grundy was such a threat to Alan. Being drowned, soaked in and resurrected in a swamp, his body was filled and covered with plant matter, rendering the ring all but useless in directly affecting Grundy (Swamp Thing even explained that Solomon Grundy was now a plant-based elemental of sorts like he was).\n The Elseworlds story Superman & Batman: Generations Handwaves the odd Green Lantern weaknesses by having the Guardians explain that all weaknesses are mentally-imposed. Alan was weak to wood because a thug surprised him with a baseball bat and he assumed the ring didn\'t work against wood, while Hal was told that the rings were ineffective against yellow and thus added the weakness himself. Kyle, who gets his ring without hearing the explanation, lacks any weaknesses. (This is not, to be clear, how it actually works in continuity.)\n Another story, detailing the ring\'s story and Alan Scott\'s backstory (for readers in The \'90s, at least), the guardians, in a long story involving one of Earth\'s first Green Lanterns, retcon the weakness. Because he was almost killed by a yellow monster, the weakness was removed from his ring. He became mad with power, so the Guardians gave him the wood weakness so primitive humans could club him to death. However, instead of dying, he put his soul into the power ring and battery, which collided with a Meteorite, becoming the Starheart. Alan Scott got his ring from the Starheart. Seriously.\n One Green Lantern story subverts this, however. A yellow robot attacks the Justice League. GL responds by picking up mud from a nearby swamp and dropping it over the robot\'s body, completely coating it. With the yellow hidden, he quite easily rips it open.\n The yellow weakness was especially weaksauce in The Silver Age of Comic Books because of the fact that every other villain seemed to emit some kind of "infra-yellow radiation", contain a "yellow compound", be surrounded by "invisible yellow" or have some other completely ridiculous piece of pseudoscience in place to stop Green Lantern destroying them in five seconds flat. For those curious: "infra-yellow", in a sane world, translates as  orange.\n This was a very situational weakness, as sometimes Hal\'s constructs interacted with Sinestro\'s yellow ones, creating a blue haze that negated both. Other times, Lanterns responded by using variations of Car Fu with whatever they could throw at an opponent, or even remembering that an opaque construct around a target meant only green light got through \u2014 and turning any yellow inside the construct into green due to reflective properties of the color yellow.\n And then there\'s the Blue Lanterns, who are incredibly powerful even by Green Lantern standards, but can\'t use anything but the bare minimum of their powers unless a Green Lantern is in the vicinity.\n According to Word of God from Greg Weisman, Green Lanterns in Young Justice do not have a weakness to yellow and original Green Lantern Alan Scott did not have a weakness to wood either.\n The absurdity of the Silver Age and Golden Age GL weaknesses was lampshaded in an episode of Batman: The Brave and the Bold:\n Guy Gardner: You\'re supposed to be one of the most powerful Lanterns ever, but your ring is vulnerable to wood? What happens if a guy comes at you with a pointy stick?\n Alan Scott: The same thing that happens to you if he paints it yellow!\n The yellow weakness was used in a clever fashion in "Ganthet\'s Tale", a Green Lantern graphic novel by Larry Niven and John Byrne. Hal Jordan\'s opponent in this one was a renegade Guardian, who could wield Green Lantern energy himself. The solution was for Hal to fly away from the Guardian at near-light speed, and while flying fire a bolt of energy from his ring. By the time the energy bolt connected with the Guardian, it red-shifted, its visible light wavelengths compressing down the color scale, from green to yellow.\n Echo from Daredevil and New Avengers possesses photographic muscle reflexes which makes her nearly unbeatable in hand-to-hand combat. She\'s also deaf, which means she is unable to hear her opponents. Daredevil takes advantage of this by fighting her in a locked, darkened room, rendering her helpless.\n One version of Ocean Master, Aquaman\'s arch nemesis, gets his powers from a magical trident he traded his soul for, and when he isn\'t holding it he feels intense pain. Even The Joker finds this funny:\n "Sounds like the deal of the century, Flipper! And everyone says I\'m the crazy-"\n In the earlier Aquaman comics, the King of the Sea himself, for all his prowess in the ocean, could not be out of the water for more than an hour or he\'d dry out and die. He probably got this from Namor the Sub-Mariner, whom he was initially a Captain Ersatz of. Aqualad has a less-extreme version of this weakness in Young Justice. There isn\'t any set time limit, but he succumbs to exhaustion and dehydration far quicker than his teammates after they get lost in the desert.\n Power Girl went through a single-issue Dork Age where she could be hurt by any "natural, unprocessed material", including the proverbial sticks and stones. This for a character who\'s on par with Superman. The negative reaction from readers caused it to never appear again. It was just that weak. During her JLE days she was also allergic to diet soda, causing fits of anger.\n Empowered is a self-admitted Fanservice exploration of this. The main character is a curvy babe who derives her powers from an extremely skintight suit, that\'s laughably easy to rip and weakens her powers when damaged. Her tendency to end up naked (or nearly so) makes her the laughing stock of the local superhero community. Her tendency to get Bound and Gagged while doing so makes her living Fetish Fuel.\n The suit\'s ability to be torn seems to fluctuate with Empowered\'s confidence level. Since she has zero self-confidence anyway and the regular humiliations related to her crappy suit only compound them, it is very rare that she has the confidence to use her powers properly. But when she does, she\'s a one-woman army.\n Emp doesn\'t get the distinction of the weakest-sauce weakness, either... That honor goes to The Lash, a supervillain with a debilitating phobia of fabric stores due to childhood trauma. (He likens it to being put in a sensory deprivation tank.) Also, while not a weakness per se, on two separate occasions a supervillain has shown themselves to be unable to tie a knot, which is a vital career skill in this setting.\n Think about it. Being the only villain in the world not being able to tie up the one superhero with a reputation for always ending up bound and gagged by the lowliest of thugs.\n The Daxamites in The DCU are almost exactly like Kryptonians when under a yellow sun. However, exposure to lead is fatal to them, even in trace amounts, and (especially true in the Silver Age) being moved away from lead doesn\'t cure them. Once the poison is in their system, it\'s not going anywhere. A notable instance of this example was when one of Superman\'s recurrent enemies/reluctant allies, Paragon, took out three Daxamites with a machine gun while they were distracted by their Jerk Ass A God Am I power trip.\n Brainiac 5 invented a cure for the lead weakness that\'s been given to both multiple heroic Daxamites and stolen several times by the villainous ones. Apparently dying by being in the mere presence of bullets makes a character less than credible.\n Martian Manhunter has a ridiculous amount of powers, yet he had weakness to fire, making it quite easy to disable him. This because he saw his entire family\u2014and species as a whole\u2014die in a psychic plague that manifested itself as fire. He then buried the bodies of everyone on the planet. This makes his pyrophobia a form of post-traumatic stress disorder. The first attempt to remove this weakness accidentally unlocked his Superpowered Evil Side. Though technically, it\'s not a weakness of fire, it\'s a fear of fire.\n\n Prism, a member of the X-Men villain group the Marauders, is a truly pitiful example that combines this trope with What Kind of Lame Power Is Heart, Anyway?. His mutant ability is that he is made of a crystal that can absorb and redirect light energy (like a prism) and is no more durable than glass. Yes, he is made of glass. His weaknesses include any sort of impact. Two of his four deaths (yes, he has died often) involve being thrown into a wall and being shattered by bullets.\n Thor used to have a debilitating weakness: If he let go of Mj\xf6lnir for more than a minute, he turned into doctor Don Blake, who has a crippled leg (and presumably an acid tongue and a dry wit), and Mj\xf6lnir turns into a walking stick. Basically, House. This was removed years ago, which now makes Thor virtually invulnerable.\n Perun from The Ultimates is essentially a Thor wannabe...without the superhuman strength most Asgardians possess. Despite having a powerful hammer similar to Mj\xf6lnir, Perun is killed after an enemy sneaks up on him and quietly snaps his neck.\n The greater the power, the weaker the sauce! Marvel\'s latest and most prominent Superman pastiche is The Sentry, a "golden guardian of good" who\'s as powerful as he lets himself be. However, he\'s also agoraphobic\u2014he can\'t stand being outside. If you also so much as remind him of his little Dark Side problem, he\'ll fly off to Saturn and cry. Or revert to human form. Or, if he\'s really unlucky, let the Void out\u2014and suddenly things will look a whole lot better for the bad guys.\n One fancomic actually has him carrying around his entire living room whenever he wants to go anywhere.\n Iron Man once defeated him by forwarding his mail, more or less.\n This was once parodied in the British comic, The Beano, in which the character Calamity James is rescued by a superhero and offers him a Jelly Baby by way of thanks. Guess what the hero\'s one weakness is!\n Mr. Mxyzptlk is so powerful that he has no natural weaknesses. To make his fights with Superman more challenging, he gives himself one. Which one does he choose? Saying his own name backwards.\n Used hilariously in the animated series, with an episode consisting of Superman using clever and creative ways of exploiting Mr. Mxyzptlk\'s "weakness", often without having to use any sort of super powers at all.\n Post-Crisis it\'s a self-imposed weakness. In the Silver Age and Bronze Age, it was a natural aspect of fifth dimensional beings that saying their own names backwards sent them home. In the Golden Age, anyone (human or imp) who said Mxyztplk\'s name backwards would end up in the Fifth Dimension... or the Fifth Dimension attached to Earth-2, anyway.\n Venom. Weaknesses? Fire and loud noise. At one point, he\'s defeated with nothing more than a lighter (which raises the question of why Spider-Man doesn\'t just carry a $1.98 Bic lighter with him at all times). This varies Depending on the Writer. Carnage shares some of the same weaknesses.\n Fan-favorite (yet sadly not used, ever) Toxin, Carnage\'s "child" however doesn\'t, what it does have is being very child like, (one point it refused to help it\'s host because he yelled at it.)\n All Symbiotes are vulnerable to intense heat and sound. The amount of their resistance varies depending on the Symbiote in question (Carnage\'s resistances dwarf Venom\'s) and, on a more meta-note, as mentioned Depending on the Writer.\n Though it\'s actually justified in that the symbiotes come from a world with no atmosphere, and thus have no natural resistance to extreme temperature or noise because they\'d never naturally encounter them. Even a few generations with them around and the weakness is bred away quickly.\n Perhaps in response to claims of how silly his weaknesses are, the Ultimate version of Venom lacks the vulnerability to fire and sound. Instead, the only real threat to him is electrocution.\n Marvel\'s Valkyrie, in her early Defender years, was unable to fight against any foe that was feminine, even if she was alien or a robot.\n Marvel\'s The Inhumans, genetic superhumans who have advanced technology and a civilization predating regular humans\' by millennia, are done in by... pollution and germs.\n The Darkness, phenomenal cosmic/demonic power. But can\'t operate under a 60 Watt light bulb.\n Static\'s nemesis Hot-Streak had the ability to conjure powerful fireballs which he could hurl at his opponents. The catch? His powers were friction-based, so he could only use them after running around (albeit at super-speed, which he possessed in his first appearance) and building up heat energy from his feet. Once Static realized this, he simply attacked from behind and immobilized Hot-Streak with metal fixtures from a playground, rendering him completely helpless.\n He was a much bigger threat in the cartoon adaptation precisely because the writers ditched the friction weakness.\n Static himself gets completely shorted out if he is hit with water while powered up. He doesn\'t have this weakness in the comics.\n The DCU also had Firestorm, whose weakness is organic materials. All of them. He can\'t affect them with his power, or he\'ll suffer painful consequences. So...he could be foiled by a stick. Or a leather wallet.\n The second Firestorm was once beaten because he published a scientific paper on how his own powers worked. And Lex Luthor read it. "Oh no" indeed.\n Firestorm needs to merge with someone in order to use his powers. If the merge happens too long, his powers eat his partner.\n In one of his appearances on Super Friends, he was rendered helpless after being sprayed with plant food. Even their version of Aquaman wasn\'t as lame.\n In Firestorm\'s case, his weakness was probably imposed to prevent the implications of his powers being used on living people and animals. Since Blackest Night eventually provided us with a very memorable example of just how scary his powers could actually be, maybe it was for the best that writers watered him down early on.\n Commentators both in-universe and out have pointed out that Firestorm\'s real weakness is being an idiot. He can simply turn the air around someone to steel, yet his infamously lame villains have included a powerless albino dwarf and a guy with a rope.\n The short-lived hero Gunfire had the power to turn anything into a gun by charging it with explosive energy. Anything (except, oddly enough, an actual gun). Enter the Hitman story where Tommy defeats a future version of Gunfire by causing him to turn his own ass into a living grenade. Good times were had by all.\n Although it\'s since been removed, Eclipso - DC\'s god of darkness - could be dispelled from his human host by a camera flash.\n Gladiator, Praetor of the Shi\'ar Imperial Guard. Strong enough to shatter planets. Able to fly at many times the speed of light. Can withstand the heat of a star or the blast of a supernova. Has Eye Beams of unimaginable heat, and they can see particles on a subatomic level. Truly a being of such infinite power can only be defeated by...making him feel bad about himself.\n Somewhat justified in that his powers are explicitly psionic/mental in nature. If he believes that they won\'t work or that he can\'t complete a task with them, they won\'t work and he won\'t be able to complete that task. This means you don\'t actually need a weapon powerful enough to beat him, only something which you can convince him is a weapon powerful enough to beat him, which Rocket Raccoon exploited.\n Alternatively, bringing anything to the table that can disrupt psionic powers works just as well, as Nova showed when he beat Xenith -another Strontian- in just one punch after messing up her psionic powers with a headbutt from his psionic-dampening helmet.\n Another parody\u2014Super-Ace, an alternate Ace Rimmer from a superhero universe appeared in one Red Dwarf Smegazine comic strip. While he had the full array of Flying Brick powers, his one weakness was ... human flesh. So an ordinary Mook could punch him.\n Storm, of the X-Men, has complete control of the weather: in practice it gives her flight, superspeed, and the command of electricity, water, cold, and wind. So what\'s her weakness? Claustrophobia. If a writer wants to take her out of a battle, all they need to do is drop some rubble on her\u2014and sometimes not even that much. In her early years, she had a Heroic BSOD when a villain only mentioned a word that made her think of enclosed spaces. (These days, trying to stick her in an enclosed space just makes her mad.)\n When he first appeared, Loki had one\u2014he couldn\'t use his powers when wet/in contact with water. Against Thor, who could easily make it rain. No wonder this is ignored now.\n The sword in, umm, The Sword grants whomever touches it serious Super Strength, enough Super Speed to run on water and deflect bullets, and a powerful healing ability that can close gaping chest wounds and reattach limbs. Unfortunately, these only last for as long as the user maintains physical contact. Put it down to eat a sandwich or go to the bathroom and you\'re mortal again. At one point, protagonist Dara drops in the middle of a super-strength high jump (a natural reaction to being shot) and suddenly finds she\'s not landing, she\'s falling. Worse, go too long without touching the sword and any injuries it healed come back all at once.\n The first story of the 2011 relaunch of Swamp Thing features a kid villain named William Arcane. William\'s connection to the forces of Death (or The Rot) allow him to control all dead or decaying matter. This gives him immense power. The only problem is his fatal allergy to chlorophyll.\n "The Day Red Turned to Green", in Tales of the Unexpected #85 features giant mushroom-like aliens that can be harmed by anything red. The main character finds one of their "absorbo-sponges" while spelunking and anything red that he passes while carrying it turns green.\n Billy Batson/Captain Marvel says "Shazam!," the name of the wizard who granted him his powers, to change between his hero and civilian forms. This isn\'t really that bad, but his friend Freddy Freeman/Captain Marvel Jr. has to say "Captain Marvel!" to transform\u2014meaning that he not only has to be careful talking to Billy, but he can\'t even tell people his own code name without becoming powerless. He started going by "CM3" to fix this.\n In the first Titans Tomorrow storyline (which featured evil future versions of the Teen Titans), CM3 can also be depowered when a recording of his voice says "Captain Marvel!". This is played dead straight, as Batman (Tim Drake) uses a recording of CM3 revealing his secret identity to Tim to shut him down before CM3 can beat him into the ground.\n Pick someone, hero, villain, or somewhere in between with electricity based powers, chances are their weaknesses are, among other things, rubber and water.\n Speaking of Superman, a cover of an underground comix subverted this trope for laughs. You see loads of bullets bouncing off him harmlessly...and a custard pie volley. Granted, it doesn\'t hurt him either...but his pride.\n In The Umbrella Academy, Seance\'s powers only work when he\'s barefoot. He apparently collects shoes.\n The best weapon to defeat Wilq are lame jokes, or lame words in general. He does whatever he can to prevent the villains from learning about this.\n Wilq manages to disperse a leftist demonstration against the U.S. foreign policy by reading a few basic English sentences through a megaphone, finishing with throwing a hamburger sandwich at them.\n Transformers:\n The Transformers G1 comic introduced the Scraplets, a race of small, mechanical pests that corroded any Transformers they infected. They can be defeated only by the "rare and legendary fluid" called water.\n When it comes to weak weaknesses, you probably can\'t get any worse than Whirl from The Transformers: More Than Meets the Eye. As an empurata victim Whirl, despite being a former Wrecker and powerful fighter, was stopped completely in his tracks by an unlocked door simply because it had to be opened with doorhandles that his claws couldn\'t grasp. Cyclonus had to turn the handles for him.\n Thanks to his adamantium skeleton, Wolverine cannot swim at all, causing him to just sink to the bottom.\n Eclipso\'s weakness during the Silver Age was blinding light, which would give control back to Bruce Gordon.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Fan Works\xa0\n How do you defeat your own author? Well, if you\'re a character in You Got HaruhiRolled!, just show him a disgusting Doujinshi. He\'ll be so Squicked out that he will be unable to resist you forcing him back through the dimensional portal whence he came.\n In Queen of All Oni, a Jackie Chan Adventures fanfic, Jade gains the weakness to onions Oni have in canon after EATING an Oni mask.\n Because he is a Living Shadow, Mysterious from My Little Unicorn gets hurt by standing in any form of light.\n In Christian Humber Reloaded, Vash, a God-Mode Sue with countless superpowers, multiple super modes, and an arsenal of high-tech and legendary weapons, who can take on entire armies and the main villains of several works of fiction without breaking a sweat, is vulnerable to Paralysis, a Useless Useful Spell in RPGs that rarely affects anything stronger than a common enemy.\n When the Discworld had a brief and potentially deadly meeting with the Alien Queen, a very improbable Ripley - albeit one working for the Guild of Assassins - realised that a lifeform based on very strong acids could be vanquished by application of drain and toilet cleaner (very strong alkalines). As she put it, simple alchemy: if the brute spits ph1 at me, then I\'m jolly well going to respond with lots and lots of lovely ph14. Acid plus alkali equals salt and water, Captain Carrot. Any organic material subjected to caustic potash is reduced to soap. SHE is going to be a puddle of salty soapy water in no seconds nothing!"\n In the Star Wars/Mass Effect crossover Origins, the "hibridium"-based cloaking devices aboard Trans-Galactic Republic and Republic Intelligence Service ships fail to conceal the ship\'s magnetic properties, meaning if one drops a strong enough magnet near the ship its presence will be revealed as said magnet is pulled toward the physically-invisible target. Aria T\'Loak, never one for games, exploits this to blackmail RISE. It starts off okay but ultimately doesn\'t end well...\n Vampires in My Immortal are vulnerable to steak. Early in the fic, the protagonist, herself a vampire, contemplates committing suicide with one she hides in her bedroom.\n Also, vampires are not only vulnerable to crosses, they apparently can\'t even write the word "cross." Of course, the story sometimes forgets all that and depicts vampires wearing cross earrings.\n In Shinobi Of The High Seas Kizaru has been beaten twice by  using a mirror to reflect him away.\n In Hope For The Heartless, water causes the Horned King severe burns. Snow causes that also if it melts on him. Diluted water (such as tea) burns him as easily as pure water, though not as severely. However, he seems to be able to digest wine.\n In the Star Wars fan film Pink Five Strikes Back, Rebel pilot Stacy realizes that since the walkers attacking Hoth only had forward-facing guns, the Rebels could\'ve just shot at them from behind. While being chased by a scout walker in The Return of Pink Five, Stacy remembers this train of thought in the nick of time - and causes the walker to lose its balance and crash by running in between its legs.\n In Group Of Weirdos, the Iron Knuckles are completely invincible, unless tag-teamed and attacked repeatedly by Link, the hero of time, and Ganondorf, a dark wizard with great power. Or you can just slash them a few times with a Deku Stick.\n In Yu-Gi-Oh! The Abridged Series video "Marik Plays Slender", Marik theorises that The Slender Man has a weakness against bathrooms, since he doesn\'t show up in the tiled corridor:\nMaybe going to the toilet is like his kryptonite. "I\'m going to kill you! Heh heh heh... what\'s that, you need to go Number 1? Here, I\'ll just wait outside while you deal with that, OK? Make sure you wash your hands, OK, I don\'t want it to be gross when I kill you. Well, I do, but not like that."\n In Ultra Fast Pony, Rarity thinks she\'s allergic to water. Applejack calls her out on the stupidity of this, but Rarity points out that every time she hangs out in the rain for extended periods of time, she gets a cold. Then Rarity develops a nasty rash all over her face. "I told you I was allergic!"\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Films \u2014 Animation\xa0\n The Blue Meanies from Yellow Submarine are repelled by positivity in any form. This doesn\'t work out so badly, though, since their entire arsenal is built around the proliferation of depression and despair, but it does still leave them vulnerable to music.\n This trope appears as a pastiche in Bolt. The titular dog believes he has superpowers because he never leaves the set of a TV show. When he is accidentally shipped across the country his powers "mysteriously" vanish, and he blames the Styrofoam packing peanuts he was shipped with.\n Megamind has Metro Man having a weakness to copper (subverted in that it\'s completely made up by him as a part of his plan to retire). This is even lampshaded by Megamind:\nMegamind: Your weakness is copper!? You\'re kidding, right?\n In The Incredibles, the superheroes of the world were driven into hiding by lawsuits. The creators were deliberately going for a mundane downfall. Then again, it was really the government that was tired of paying the lawsuits and covering for the heroes.\n Stitch of Lilo & Stitch is speedy, clever, and able to lift 3000 times his own size... but is too heavy to swim. One reason falling in water is so damaging is that Stitch tends to panic when he\'s underwater. He eventually starts handle deep water better; one episode of Lilo & Stitch: The Series (the theme of which was conquering your fears) had him fall into a swimming pool, but he manages to keep calm, hold his breath, and climb out without issue.\n The King and I has this in the form of every single solitary minion the Big Bad conjures up. His first pair of minions are giant traditional chinese dragons who ruthlessly attack the teacher\'s ship to the point that it\'s near sinking. How are they defeated? Whistling. Everyone aboard whistles to the tune of a happy song and they dissolve into nothingness.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Films \u2014 Live-Action\xa0\n The Wizard of Oz gives the trope-codifying example: the Wicked Witch of the West melted when Dorothy splashed her with a bucket of water.\n A Nightmare on Elm Street: Freddy Krueger, the nigh-unstoppable humanoid monster that can kill you in your dreams, has a weakness to people not believing in him. This becomes far funnier when you realise that his weakness is the same as Tinkerbell!\n In the Affectionate Parody superhero movie Surge of Power: The Stuff of Heroes, both the hero and villain have their powers nullified by the presence of peppy music. Fortunately the hero is able to save the day with his incredible accuracy with slingshots.\n The aliens in Signs. It\'s hard to feel threatened (retrospectively) by creatures which will dissolve in an April shower or corrode in a particularly humid breeze. And are completely incapable of breaking down wooden doors.\n In Shyamalan\'s earlier film, Unbreakable, water is also used as a weakness for the main superhero character. In that case, though, it isn\'t that he is especially vulnerable to water, but rather he is just as susceptible to drowning as a normal person. If he drinks something too quickly, he will choke and if he is submerged he will succumb to drowning just like everyone else \u2014 though it was theorized that the dense bone and muscle that make him unbreakable also make him unfloatable (or the character simply can\'t swim). There is a complicating factor in the scene where he ends up almost drowning in a swimming pool: he\'s tangled up in a big piece of fabric, which would give anyone a bad time while in water. It is also a psychological weakness: he had almost drowned once as a child (probably due to the aforementioned bone density), an event so traumatic he blocked it from his memory. That would make anyone nervous around water, even if they couldn\'t remember why.\n Shyamalan probably got the weakness idea for Signs from Invasion of the Saucer Men, whose aliens were melted by light. There is nothing lamer. Especially considering they were done in by  the headlights of teenage hot rodders!\n The Bioraptors (also called "Demons") of Pitch Black has a similar weakness to light. Though this actually works, as most of the movie is during a solar eclipse and they broke their flashlights. Oddly enough, the creatures are shown moving about in the light, albeit cautiously, before the eclipse. Compare this to later on, when a lighter is enough to make them run away...\n The same thing appeared in Attack of the Eye Creatures. Although, in this case, it was more because They Just Didn\'t Care (and because it was an almost word-for-word remake of Invasion of the Saucer Men).\n Also happens in The Mole People, in which a lost colony of ancient Sumerians living Beneath the Earth had adapted to their lightless conditions to the point where our heroes can kill them with a flashlight.\n In the movie version of The Day of the Triffids, the title monsters are melted by sea water. Nearly as lame. In the original novel, ironically, flame-throwers are among the most effective anti-Triffid weapons.\n The Tenctonese in Alien Nation (the movie as well as the series) are harmed by salt water. Seawater is like acid to them. They live mostly on the Californian coast; while they do develop a tolerance to it, direct exposure is still harmful to them. There is a slightly funny moment when the police find the partially-dissolved body of a Newcomer washed up on the beach. When asked how they were able to identify him, they simply shrug and show his soaked wallet. All his clothes were, naturally, fine too.\n In the Disney Channel movie Up, Up and Away!, the weakness of the superhero family is aluminum foil. However, it\'s never made clear if it was just their family or all supers who are vulnerable to foil. Both Spider-Man and Superman are mentioned to exist in this \'verse, and they don\'t have any weakness to aluminum foil (although Supes has his own weakness). The bad guys definitely assume that all supers have this weakness, as, when Randy claims to have powers, they give him some foil to test it.\n In SYNGENOR, the title creatures were created to be the perfect soldiers for a war with the Middle East. They don\'t need to eat or sleep, are immune to most weaponry, and reproduce every twenty-four hours. Their only weakness? Water is like acid to them. It\'s somewhat hard to be afraid of a super soldier that can be defeated with a super soaker. Or, if worst came to worst, by peeing on them.\n In the Dead Gentlemen Productions (of The Gamers fame) running Demon Hunters series, Duamerthrax the Indestructible is a walking brick that is, well, all but indestructible. He\'s an "earthwalker", a demon said to have been kicked out of hell for being too mean. Unlike other monsters and demons in the mythos, he\'s not susceptible to ordinary injury. He can eat the round of a large-caliber revolver jammed in his mouth ("Mmm! Nice \'n\' leady!") casually regrows limbs after being dismembered, and generally shrugs off what few injuries he even takes while making terrible puns. So what\'s the convenient balance? We\'re told that every earthwalker has a weakness to some substance, "a plant, metal, anything". Duamerthrax\'s turns out to be mint. Being shot repeatedly at close range with numerous handguns does little more than inconvenience him, but the breath of someone having just used breath spray causes him intense pain, water-guns full of mouthwash can inflict serious harm and mint dental floss can do even worse things. Ultimately subverted; he turns out to have faked his defeat when the body cont got where he needed it, regenerated almost immediately, and the credits show him happily dancing away. Then he gets hit by a car and sent back to hell in the beginning of the second movie.\n Mars Attacks!. The Martians\' weakness is hearing high-pitched yodeling, such as in the song "Indian Love Call" by Slim Whitman, which causes their heads to explode.\n The Tomatoes in Attack of the Killer Tomatoes! have the same weakness, in the form of a song called "Puberty Love".\n The Mummy (1999): Imhotep in his incomplete form is immediately chased away when a cat is in his presence, because they guard the Underworld. Naturally, the heroes never do anything to exploit this weakness, such as by putting cats in the room full of the people he needs to kill to stop being vulnerable to cats.\n From 1966 superhero parody Rat Pfink A Boo Boo: "Remember, Boo Boo, we have only one weakness... bullets."\n Like the Dalek example given below, in RoboCop (1987), the killer robot ED-209 chasing the title character is taken out of play simply by trying to chase RoboCop down stairs that its chicken-walker legs are ill-suited to negotiate.\n In an Homage to The Wizard of Oz, Death in Six String Samurai is killed when squirted with water.\n Derek Zoolander can\'t turn left until his Big Damn Heroes moment. (Though continuity nitpicks will note that he does turn left (relative to himself, though not the camera) while in disguise while trying to retrieve Maury\'s computer.)\n The Spiderwick Chronicles provides a literal weaksauce weakness: Tomato sauce is corrosive to goblins. (This was not in the original book.)\n Mystery Men: Invisible Boy\'s weakness is anybody looking at him while he is invisible. (Machines, like motion detectors and cameras, don\'t trigger this.)\n The Super Cop in Super Fuzz has super speed, super strength, invulnerability, telekinesis and so on, but he completely loses his powers when he sees the color red (probably a nod to Green Lantern and his vulnerability to yellow): a red traffic light, a red flower, a red ribbon, and he\'s harmless.\n The Psychlo homeworld of Battlefield Earth can be blown to (relatively) tiny bits with a nuclear explosion. You\'d think that a nuclear bomb is substantial enough to bypass the Weaksauce bit, but remember that this is a PLANET. It\'d be like a human exploding in a smear of gore after stubbing their toe. The given reason is that the planet\'s atmosphere ignites upon the slightest exposure to radiation. This, of course, implies that the planet completely lacks in any heavy elements.\n Sleepwalkers has monsters that are Made of Iron, except when scratched by house cats.\n As is the usual with horror movie monsters, the 1973 Blaxploitation movie titular character Blackenstein was Immune to Bullets, fists, and blunt objects \u2014 traits which, when added to his Super Strength, seemingly made him all but unstoppable. What is it that finally laid the mighty monster low? The primal forces of nature themselves or divine intervention? No. The police sicced the hounds on him. That\'s it. Doberman Pinscher fangs trump bullets, apparently.\n Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome. Blaster is the immense Dragon to Master. According to people who want him dead and have been hunting for the right assassin to get the job done, "He can kill most men with his breath." His weakness: he can\'t stand high pitched noises. Max discovers this when the car alarm on his vehicle renders Blaster into a writhing, screaming, mess \u2014 and promptly figures out that his old police whistle can have the same effect.\n The undead mutant warrior things from the 80s flick Neon Maniacs are virtually invulnerable except, like many other things on this list, they can be dissolved with a squirt gun.\n The goblins from Troll 2 are defeated when Joshua eats a double-decker bologna sandwich in front of them during the film\'s climax. They can\'t come within 20 feet of you after you eat 2 bites of bologna.\n Ernest Scared Stupid\'s titular monsters are these trolls, who legend speaks of them being weak to... milk.\n In The Lair of the White Worm, a vampire\'s natural enemy is the mongoose due to vampires in this universe being snake-people. The mongoose ends up getting killed anyway but it\'s still enough to make the Big Bad retreat for a while. Also, playing the bagpipes puts them in a trance.  Unless they have earplugs.\n In Hook, the Lost Boys exploit Captain Hook\'s fear of the sound of ticking clocks, which they attribute to Hook\'s memories of being pursued by a clock-swallowing giant crocodile. Subverted when Peter points out that Hook can\'t really be afraid of the crocodile,  which he killed years ago; rather, Hook is afraid of time, as he\'s become an old man beneath his wig and make-up, and old age is hardly a fear that can be dismissed as Weaksauce.\n Superman IV: The Quest for Peace brings us the horror that is Nuclear Man who, for reasons unknown, is powered solely by the sun. The minute he is out of direct sunlight he stops dead. Even if he\'s in a well lit room but slightly in the shade then he\'s next to worthless. This is especially pathetic when you consider that, in canon, Superman\'s own powers are ultimately derived from sunlight, but *he* doesn\'t power down in the shade - at least not unless he has to use his powers a lot before the next time he can catch some rays.\n In The Traveler, the only way to counter Mr Nobody is actually by letting him hear his real full name, which will make him lose powers and become vulnerable to physical attacks. Kinda makes sense for him to conceal his identity throughout the film.\n Played for laughs in Evolution, where the aliens\' critical weakness is to dandruff shampoo.\n Hancock\'s only weakness? His real wife. Any attempt to live a loving, fulfilling life with his wife of 3,000 years will cause them to both become mortal in order to die together. Unfortunately, Hancock has a hero complex to save people. Which attracts bad guys who attack them in their weakened state. They argue, he leaves, they meet again and the whole cycle starts again. His wife says the gods who created them gave this as a gift. So that they could find love and be happy, and not have to see everyone they care about die as they remain unchanged and alive.\n R.O.T.O.R. is about a robotic policeman gone mad. He\'s almost unstoppable except for being paralyzed by loud noises. This might not sound that dumb, until you witness him repeatedly frozen by people honking their car horns at him or playing a radio a little too loud.\n The Sensory Overload to the Kryptonians in Man of Steel. Good thing Supes learned how to control it and unfortunately, so did Zod.\n Marcus Wright in Terminator Salvation is every bit as tough and unstoppable as you would expect from a terminator... except for his glaring exposed weakpoint in the form of his organic human heart (which isn\'t even covered with any sort of armor; it just hangs there in a big gaping hole in his chest, leaving it completely exposed to any stray pistol shot or well-aimed punch).\n In Godzilla (2014), Godzilla\'s arms are very stubby compared to the rest of him. The male M.U.T.O took advantage of this a couple of times by jumping on his head and stabbing away at him with those long forelegs, with Godzilla having an extremely difficult time dislodging him since he could barely touch the top of his head. They are plenty strong, though, and he uses them to fight the female Muto.\n The titular Nightmare Man is a pretty powerful fertility god, he can kill people, grab and crush people\'s hearts by sticking his hand in, control dead people as puppets, etc....his weakness, if the person he\'s possessed is on anti-psychotic pills he can\'t do anything at all.\n The aliens in the French comedy Le Gendarme et les extra-terrestres are physically tough, can teleport, and can appear as any person they desire. What\'s their weakness? Water (note: the film predates Signs by a few decades). Apparently, they\'re Mechanical Lifeforms (they\'re shown drinking motor oil at one point) and rust at the slightest touch of water in a matter of minutes. The worst part? They came in peace! It was the gendarmes\' aggressiveness that made them hostile. In the end, the aliens are destroyed (with water, naturally), and the gendarmes are hailed as heroes.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Gamebooks\xa0\n The Darklords of the Lone Wolf gamebooks are (were, as of Book 12) crippled by clean air and can only unleash their full strength in toxic habitats. Half the reason they waged a centuries-long campaign ruining Magnamund (the other half being that they are Always Chaotic Evil embodiments of evil) is (was) to make the world a paradise for themselves. Even in their weakened state they can still put up a good fight with their mastery of Black Magic and immunity to conventional weapons. In one story arc, the Darklords develop a magical engine that allow them to retain their full strength outside their realm. About a dozen of them are on the frontlines of their war when the protagonist smashes the engine, singlehandedly ending their reign of terror.\n In one Choose Your Own Adventure book, The Enchanted Kingdom, your character visits a mystical land populated by fairies. You find out that they have the standard folklore aversion to iron, but when some ghouls break your sword, you find out the ghouls are weakened by the presence of plastic when you pull out the only blade you have left, your Swiss army knife.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Literature\xa0\n The Wicked Witch of the West from the The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was done in by a pail of water. This was explained in the book (but not in the movie) as due to her being "dried up by years of evil" but no indication was ever given that water would kill her. The book does mention that the Witch would never go near Dorothy when she bathed because she hated water.\n The Wicked Witch is not the only one afraid of water: while Tin Man doesn\'t melt, he rusts to the point of total immobility - even though he shouldn\'t.\n Another Oz-related Weaksauce: the Nome King was an extremely powerful, nigh-invincible subterranean fairy who had armies of nomes... all of them, including him, could be weakened to the point of being killed by eggs. This doesn\'t look as bad as it seems at first, because there\'s only one chicken in Oz, and even that one was brought there from Kansas.\n Pv P parodied it here.\n Tik-Tok is an impressive clockwork man, whose processes (thinking, movement, and speech) are powered by three separate springs which need to be periodically wound, or he\'ll run down. And he is unable to wind them himself. Leaving him alone for more than a few hours is all it takes.\n Wicked, a parallel novel based on The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, explores the Wicked Witch of the West\'s weakness to its entirety, explaining that since birth, exposing her skin to water hurt her, so she had to clean herself with oil and find creative solutions for things which normally involve using water. When she cries, it\'s like acid flowing down her face. Weakness to water could be the result of the unexplored concept of being "a daughter of the dragon". Its also implied that if Elphaba had ever come into the fullness of her powers, water would cease to be a true threat to her (at one point she instinctively freezes a lake, allowing her to cross it unharmed). The Musical adaptation openly mocks the entire idea of water melting the Witch. Elphaba uses this urban legend about herself to fake her own death at Dorothy\'s hands.\n The weakness from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is spoofed in the Enchanted Forest Chronicles, where evil wizards can be melted with water\u2014but only with soap and lemon juice added. The good witch Morwen, on the other hand, explicitly does not melt. It is later theorized that this might be because the wizards never shower while Morwen is something of a neat-freak. Eventually, the heroes refined this into a one word spell with the same effect. One very memorable word, too:  Argelfraster!\n The aliens in The War of the Worlds were killed by a common disease. The aliens were so advanced and germophobic that they wiped out all microbial life on their native planet. Which meant they had nothing to develop immunities to when they invaded Earth.\n The Martians, in Ray Bradbury\'s The Martian Chronicles, are killed en masse rather early in the book by a human-induced plague of chicken pox. It\'s a knowing reference to both American history and The War of the Worlds.\n Harry Potter\n The Boggart in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban seems to be almost an incarnation of this trope. A Boggart will materialize in the form of a person\'s worst fear (though exactly what that means is debatable). The way to repel one is to forcibly imagine the fearsome thing as something ridiculous, and then laugh at it. Alternatively, the Boggart can\'t handle trying to frighten more than one person at once, as attempts to materialize into more than one person\'s fear results in things such as the "half a slug" incident. This is why Lupin advised his students not to face a Boggart alone (combined with the above reason).\n Pottermore goes a little more into detail with the boggart - since they\'re nearly impossible to kill and feed off emotion, they\'re incredibly dangerous to Muggles, but given that Riddikulus is such a simple spell that a thirteen-year-old can learn it in minutes, even a very powerful boggart is a minor nuisance to a prepared wizard. At one point, it describes a boggart that had fed on the fears of local Muggles and become "an elephantine black shadow with glowing white eyes"... only to then note that a Ministry wizard was able to trap it in a matchbox.\n Voldemort\'s inability to understand Love, and The Power of Love, proves to be his ultimate undoing. However, this is more of a Fatal Flaw. Harry does not beat Voldemort because of some mystical aspect of love, but because having reliable friends and allies ultimately gives him an advantage over Voldemort, who underestimates the capacity of others to behave selflessly because he would never even consider doing so himself.\n In the Sin War trilogy, Diablo, the Lord of Terror and one of the three most powerful evil things in existence, is defeated by a reflective surface. Diablo appears as things you fear, and if it\'s bad enough to scare Diablo, it\'s pretty bad.\n Eddings\' The Redemption of Althalus featured both one protagonistic and one antagonistic Five-Man Band, both with similar power arrays. The villains included the evil mind-leech Koman, with telepathy and mind-warping abilities... who was defeated when Althalus thought about random numbers. Fractions of numbers, even.\n Discworld examples:\n The Auditors in The Science of Discworld III: Darwin\'s Watch. There are very logical and clearly worked out reasons why chocolate kills them in Thief of Time, due to some peculiar circumstances. In SoDIII, though, it just does.\n Non-incarnated Auditors can be killed by getting them to say "I", "me", or otherwise admit individuality. Since it\'s widely known that (a) only living things have individuality, (b) all living things die after some amount of time and (c) any living thing\'s lifespan is practically no time at all compared to the universe\'s, any Auditor who admits individuality instantly dies. By the perspective of the rest of them, this isn\'t much of a loss, since there are more Auditors than there is anything else in the universe and, by definition, any given one of them is supposed to lack any defining characteristics.\n Much of the plot of Carpe Jugulum concerns a group of "modern" vampires attempting to subvert this trope by developing resistances to the traditional vampire weaknesses.  They ultimately fail to do so.\n Discworld vampires play this trope in a weird, All Myths Are True way. ALL weaknesses you might have ever heard of apply to SOME vampire, but you may have to do trial and error to find out which ones apply to the particular one who\'s trying to eat you right now. There are also a few with psychological problems that compel them to do things that directly address their particular weakness (such as the vampire flash photographer who works for The Truth, who has a weakness to bright light, and the one who worked at such jobs as pencil maker, garlic stacker, and whole-sale holy water clerk).\n Discworld bogeymen are incredibly strong, reasonably nasty, and some of them can teleport to some extent. Their vulnerability is that they\'re ridiculously susceptible to Clap Your Hands If You Believe. If you can get your head under a blanket, then you believe you\'re safe from the bogeyman and therefore you are. If you can get the bogeyman\'s head under a blanket, he goes into "existiental shock", since he no longer believes he exists.\n In Artemis Fowl, fairy magic can be completely stopped by animal fat. That\'s right, magic that can make you invisible, hypnotize people, heal nearly anything, and in some cases travel through time can be stopped by lard. Praise the Lard!\n Possibly a Logical Weakness instead. Fairy magic is strongly connected to the power of life, so animal fat, as a substance strongly symbolic of death, counters the effects.\n Some of the laws that (most) fairies have to adhere to thanks to some very old, powerful magic\u2014 the most commonly seen are the Ritual for restoring magic (has to be done with an acorn, at the full moon, under an oak next to a bend in the river... or at least to start with. By the second book that\'s already been thrown out as mere myth.), the \'fairies cannot enter human houses without permission\' rule, and by extension, the \'fairies cannot disobey a direct command given by a human eye to eye\' rule.  These are handwaved away by No 1 in the 6th book.\n The Haunter in the Dark, the titular monster in a story by H.P. Lovecraft, is an avatar of the god Nyarlatothep. It\'s a huge winged and tentacled mass of darkness with a three-lobed burning eye, whose touch will burn the flesh from your bones. However, it\'s extremely vulnerable to light. Even little light will hurt it, and strong light will banish it. So you can temporarily defeat an avatar of an ancient and evil god with a flashlight!. Temporarily. As soon as the lights are out, it can come back, just as nasty as before.\n The Michael Vey series features a character with the nickname "Zeus" who can shoot lightning bolts just the god of the same name. He is unable to bathe because the water appears to cause his powers to short circuit.\n In Worldwar, the invading reptilian aliens called \'The Race\' had an immense weakness to ... ginger. Not only was it an incredibly addictive narcotic, but it also made the females produce sexual pheromones outside of the normal fertility cycles, turning exposed members of The Race into crackheaded sex fiends. When the humans attacked Race-occupied Australia, they used missiles armed with warheads packed with powdered ginger.\n Even before they discover ginger\'s effect on the Race females, they find that not only does is it extremely addictive to the lizards, but it also causes them to temporarily feel nigh-invincible - not a good trait for an infantryman, a tank crew commander, or a fighter jet pilot.\n In L.J. Smith\'s Night of the Solstice series the Fair Folk-like race known as the Quislai have many advantages, such as immortality, invulnerability, extreme beauty, the ability to throw lightning bolts, the power to travel to places quickly using secret pathways through space, and freedom from nearly all physical limitations. They can\'t be imprisoned by normal means, as doors and windows will unlock themselves for Quislai, and they can travel through dimensional gateways between worlds without preparation while everyone else requires a special magical amulet to use them. However, the one thing that can restrain them is a thornbranch tangled in the hair. Unfortunately, most Quislai seem too ditzy to think of cutting their hair short or at least avoiding rosebushes.\n The Bible\n Judges 1:19 is often taken by unbelievers and skeptics to argue that iron chariots are a weakness of God; as the King James Version translates it, it reads "And the Lord was with Judah; and he drave out the inhabitants of the mountain; but could not drive out the inhabitants of the valley, because they had chariots of iron." Needless to say, this interpretation is not generally accepted by believers.\n The great Samson got his Super Strength from Nazirite rituals, and breaking them was his big weakness. He attempted to mask this by making up a bunch of equally weaksauce fake weaknesses, only to kill anyone who actually tried them. He was still stupid enough to tell his true weakness to Delilah, despite her being the only one who knew of his "weaknesses" and therefore the only one who could have told them to his enemies. By the time he\'d cut his hair (famously thought to be his sole weakness), he\'d already violated other parts of the Nazirite rituals, such as drinking alcohol and handling dead bodies. Cutting his hair was the last straw, so to speak.\n The Death World creatures of Fragment are averse to salt water and avoid it (it\'s toxic to them for some reason), which is presumably what\'s kept them confined to Henders Isle. This is discovered accidentally by a lucky fool who blunders into a saltwater pool while fleeing the orgy of death chasing him, and is later adapted as a defensive measure against Henders creatures.\n The main weakness of vampires in Peter Watts\'s Blindsight-verse is geometry. If right angles take up too much of their visual field, they have massive, frequently fatal seizures. Right angles are very rare in nature, but once humanity developed architecture the vampires went extinct until later humans reconstructed them and developed "anti-Euclidean" drugs to counter the special vampire weakness (and keep the vampires dependent).\n In the Simon\'s Quest volume of the Worlds of Power series, Dracula\'s vengeful spirit can be driven off by bad jokes.\n In Fred Saberhagen\'s Book of Swords and Books of Lost Swords series, Shieldbreaker, the Sword of Force, can defeat any weapon, and as such is the only thing that can defeat, even destroy, one of the other Swords, but is powerless against an unarmed man. In the final novel, Shieldbreaker is destroyed by Woundhealer, the only one of the Swords which cannot be used as a weapon.\n In The Wheel of Time, channelers are people and therefore are vulnerable to all the things that squishy humans are (though they can do things to help offset that). However, they are particularly vulnerable to Forkroot tea. In normal humans, it\'s harmless, if at most a mild sedative. In channelers it cuts off their ability to use their magic and knocks them out.\n Not to mention that of those who naturally develop the ability to use the local flavor of magic have a 75% chance of it being fatal without instruction.\n Trollocs and Myrddraal (the local flavor of evil Mooks and Lieutenants) have the old folk story weakness of not being able to cross running water. Myrddraal, with sufficient coaxing, could drive Trollocs to cross water, but it needed a damn good reason.\n In Nick Perumov\'s novel Diamond Sword, Wooden Sword, magic-users are vulnerable to the herb swamp crower. Its smoke makes everybody cough, but magic-users also temporarily lose their powers.\n In Bystander Lucretcia won the Superpower Lottery. But, she has two big weaknesses. First, she is weak against hot weather. A warm summer day means she can\'t leave the air-conditioned car, or she\'ll blister instantly. Two, she sucks at using her powers. Especially fighting. Being as strong as Superman isn\'t much use when you can\'t HIT the opponent!\n Goosebumps\n The kids in "How To Kill A Monster" have to figure out exactly how to do that. Falling three stories doesn\'t stop him nor does poisoning a pie. Luckily, there\'s a Deus ex Machina way out.  the monster dies after they confirm they\'re humans, as he\'s allergic.\n In "Attack of the Mutant", there\'s a subversion of the trope that\'s invoked to then play the trope straight. Specifically, the young male protagonist is facing an enemy supervillain who has the ability to change into anyone and anything. The boy knows in advance that if the supervillain were to change into a liquid, he\'d get stuck that way and be defeated, which is the supervillain\'s Weaksauce Weakness. Since the villain is under the impression that the boy is a superhero, the boy pretends that his Weaksauce Weakness is that he\'s vulnerable to acid. So the supervillain changes into a wave of acid, and after the boy hastily jumps out of the way, the supervillain gets stuck in his liquid-acid form, thus ensuring his defeat.\n Iron against the chaos mages in the Saga of Recluce. Even the strongest bolt of chaos fire can be stopped cold by a thin sheet of iron, and the more powerful a chaos mage is the more they\'re hurt by iron, to the point that what for anyone else would be Only a Flesh Wound will be a One-Hit Kill for an experienced chaos mage.\n Bram Stoker\'s Dracula averts most of the popular traditional weaknesses; for example, he can\'t be killed by most conventional means, and can use his shapeshifting powers during dawn, noon, and dusk. However, he does have unique weaknesses; he can only cross running water during high or low tide (this amounts to 12 hours and 25 minutes per day), needs to keep a small amount of Transylvanian soil in his home, and needs to be invited inside before he can enter a building (considering this is Victorian era England and he is a noble, this is a non-matter).\n Mercedes Lackey has fun playing with the iron weakness of fae; in her SERRAted Edge book series, the good elves not only use their skills as race car mechanics to work up a tolerance to iron, but also gladly use the metal to shield themselves from enemy elf attacks. Also, elf magic goes haywire in the presence of iron.   In fact, the good elves have noticed that iron makes their magic go haywire in extremely predictable and repeatable ways, so they have incorporated it into their defenses and can use it to, for example, negate their enemies\' magic while delivering their own with deadly accuracy.\n In the same series, however, she plays the Trope straight in that her elves have a powerful vulnerability to caffeine.\n The Hunter from the Coldfire Trilogy is one of the most powerful beings in the series, but also fatally flawed in his nature. As part of his Deal with the Devil to stave off death, the Hunter surrendered his power over life, creation, and light. He can no longer use healing magic without dying, sunlight burns him horribly, and he is completely unable to manipulate ordinary fire. A villain in the first book took advantage of these weaknesses by luring him into a cave filled with crystal and used a mirror to reflect what little sunlight there was back at him, with the light magnified by the crystal. Then he was rendered helpless by being placed in an ordinary bonfire.\n Animorphs has one book where the group finds out the Yeerks\' Bizarre Alien Biology allows both them and the hosts to treat instant maple oatmeal as an addictive drug on par with heroin. While they plan on dumping a bunch of Quaker Oats\' finest into the pool the Yeerks use to rejuvenate, they don\'t end up using it as a weapon because it plays merry hell on the hosts as well.\n Captain Underpants loses his powers when he\'s subjected to spray starch. Actually, he doesn\'t, but he thinks he does, in an invocation of the Nocebo Effect.\n In the Codex Alera, all of the various crafters\' fury-granted Elemental Powers can be countered by their opposing element (i.e. dripping water on a firecrafter prevents use of fire furies, putting a woodcrafter in a metal cage nullifies wood furies, etc). Windcrafters have greater difficulty using their wind furies closer to earth, and being covered or surrounded by earth renders their furies impotent. However, they also have another weakness: salt, when it comes into contact with their furies, causes them great pain and disrupts them. As a result, anyone expecting to fight a windcrafter carries bags of salt with them to disrupt their Bullet Time, flight, and other powers. Salt-tipped arrows are a specialist weapon against hostile wind furies, and a salt-tipped arrow is  what Bernard uses to critically injure High Lord Kalarus in Cursor\'s Fury by  disrupting his wind furies in mid-flight, causing him to take a nasty plummet into a forest and introducing him to Newton\'s laws in a most painful and crippling manner.\n The Dresden Files\n All illusion has the problem that anyone capable of using the Sight can simply activate it and no matter how skilled the illusionist, they\'ll be able to see what\'s really going on. While most people avoid using the Sight due to the potential for seeing disturbing, unforgettable things with it, the ability for the most marginally skilled caster to counteract any illusion means that the Council doesn\'t consider it an especially useful discipline.\n Of course, the Sight has its own odd weakness included in the form of permanent and perfect recall of whatever you see. Sounds good until you remember that normally scary things get the terror factor turned up to 11 and you have to relive it every time you think about it.\n All Fae are vulnerable to iron. So much so that Queen Mab, one of the most powerful beings in existence, is scared of an iron nail. The Summer and Winter Knights, while human, inherit this weakness as well\u2014 touching iron completely nullifies all of their Fae powers, which is especially dangerous because one of those powers is the ability to ignore disabling injuries.\n The Nazg\xfbl from The Lord of the Rings are vulnerable to sunlight and fire, and will not cross running water if they can at all avoid it. The first two are actually a Logical Weakness- as creatures of darkness and cold; it makes perfect sense that they wouldn\'t like light and heat - but Tolkien never explains (either in the books themselves or Word of God) why they feared water.\n Tolkien was famous for using existing legends to establish the reason why certain myths are the way they are. The fact that they fear running water is a reference to many mythic demons, who could not cross running water. In-universe, one could infer that it\'s because their cloaked robes are the only things keeping their wraith-forms contained in any semblance of physical form. Trying to cross rapidly moving water would run the risk of their cloaks being swept away, meaning they\'d become intangible and useless until they found replacement clothing to allow them to reconstitute themselves, which is exactly what happened to the ones caught in the flood outside Rivendell. (This also gives them a second reason to want to avoid fire)\n An alternate explanation would be that running water carries the power of Ulmo, the Lord of Waters and one of the most potent Valar. Since things symbolically connected to the other powerful Valar (eagles, the distilled starlight in Galadriel\'s phial, etc) have been shown to oppose creatures of evil, there is some logic behind this.\n The Witch King of Angmar, the most powerful of the Nazg\xfbl and Sauron\'s Dragon, cannot be killed by the hands of men. This invulnerability does not include women or hobbits, so the lord of Nazg\xfbl falls to the blades of Eowyn and Merry, a woman and a hobbit respectively.\n In the first book of Anne McCaffrey\'s Tower and the Hive series, The Rowannote\xa0Technically the second, after To Ride Pegasus, but most fans consider The Rowan the first of the series proper, Prime-level Talents could not travel off-planet, due to Travel Sickness - a severe form of vertigo. They later found out that this wasn\'t the case - one of their own imprinted her own physical condition on the rest. So now the older Primes consider it a phobia, rather than a medical condition.\n All types of the fae in The Name of the Wind are susceptible to iron.\n Star Trek Novel Verse\n A secondary canon Star Trek novel (World Without End) describes Vulcans as being extremely vulnerable to cold, sufficient exposure to Earth\'s winters can kill them much faster than the exposure can kill a human. When staying on Earth briefly with his mother\'s family as a boy, Spock has to be completely bundled up whenever he is walking outside in the snow.\n The Saurians are immensely strong, can breathe almost anything, have incredible stamina\x85but being nocturnal and having huge, sensitive eyes, they can be rendered helpless by shining a bright light. Saurians serving in Starfleet wear protective lenses.\n In Vadim Panov\'s Secret City, Nav\' are non-aging Magic Knights who will survive anything short of Chunky Salsa Rule. Unless the offending item is made of or covered with obsidian. This was successfully weaponized by both Lyud\' in sniper bullets and by Chud\' in obsidian sword coatings. The only record of an inter-Nav\' war also tells of Nav\' warriors wielding obsidian blades.\n Leto II, the God-Emperor of Dune who lived a few millennia, was vulnerable to  water due to his sandtrout symbiosis, which was how he set himself up to be killed.\n Grettir of the Old Icelandic The Saga of Grettir the Strong was considered the strongest man on Iceland, but after being cursed by a revenant, he was afraid of the dark for the rest of his life.\n The Masters in The Tripods had a huge weakness to alcohol. Granted, so does anyone or anything else that drinks too much of it, but in their case, just a small drink of alcohol-laced water was enough to knock them cold and paralyze them.\n The Tanu in Julian May\'s Saga Of Pliocene Exile are much stronger than humans and can survive being hacked up by bronze swords. However, just a scratch from an iron blade is fatal. Iron is also the only way to safely remove the torcs they use to enslave and/or grant psychic powers to humans; attempting to remove one without iron tools will kill the wearer due to psychic shock.\n Epics in The Reckoners Trilogy all have one factor that will at least temporarily negate their powers. They range from incredibly difficult to identify, much less exploit, to ones like ultraviolet light and smoke.\n Much of the first book is dedicated to finding the titular Steelheart\'s weakness, using clues from the one time he was wounded. As it turns out, Steelheart can only be hurt by someone who does not fear him. So the protagonist goads him into blowing himself up with the protagonist\'s own C4.\n The second book\'s Big Bad, a powerful water manipulator who is near omniscient in the flooded New York where she makes her home, has the weaksauce weakness of being an old woman with late stage cancer.\n The Parasol Protectorate has the usual weaknesses for vampires, plus a psychic tether to their hive and a strong aversion to citrus that can be overcome with time. Werewolves are vulnerable to sunlight, silver, airsickness, and basil. In this universe, pesto sauce was invented to weaponize the allergies of both species.\n Trolls in A Fantasy Attraction has a weakness for... [drumroll] flowers. Herbal shampoo by extension.\n In "Rawhide Rex", a short story from Clive Barker\'s Books of Blood, the titular creature is nearly immortal and capable of paralyzing his enemies with a gaze. What does him in, is his pathological fear of menstruating women. To him, the idea is unnatural and smacks of castration. So strong is his fear, he was able to be entombed in a pit for 400 years simply by being buried with a few primitive statues depicting a menstruating woman. Having one of these shown to him, makes him seize up in fear allowing the villagers to lynch him to death.\n In the Sabina Kane series vampires spontaneously combust when attacked with apple-related substances (some examples: Sabina\'s apple cider bullets, applewood stakes, and a can of pepper spray loaded with apple cider instead). Justified by vampires\' ancestral connection to the Garden of Eden, through their progenitors Lilith and Cain. Sabina, however, is immune, because she\'s half-mage. Garlic is pointedly harmless; in fact Sabina\'s Internal Monologue states that the vampires made that up as a smokescreen for the apple thing.\n In Zeroes, Crash suffers pain and discomfort when in the presence of complicated electronics, particularly those which use wireless transmission. Needless to say, the proliferation of computers and cellphones has not had a positive impact on her life.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Live-Action TV\xa0\n Supernatural\n Ghosts don\'t like salt. "Truth in Television", or as close as you can get: A book on ghosts states that they actually can\'t stand salt. If you sprinkle some on your doorstep, they can\'t get in your house. It\'s supposed to be pure.\n The Fair Folk are also weak against salt, sugar, or any granular substance. If some is spilled, they have to stop and count each piece. After losing a fight against one, Sam simply says "Why didn\'t I do this earlier?" and opens the capsule of salt he had on him.\n For some reason the Leviathans  are harmed by Borax, a chemical you can find under the kitchen sink. Interestingly, this might be one of the reasons why the Leviathans targeted America first, since Borax is also used as a common food additive in every country except America. So in other words, the rest of the world is literally Too Spicy for Yog Sothoth!\n Doctor Who is renowned for ending its episodes either by Reversing The Polarity or exploiting the latest Monster of the Week\'s Weaksauce Weakness.\n The most famous example is the Cybermen and their allergy to gold, which underwent a Power Creep, Power Seep, slowly going from "gold dust can gum up the works" to "touch gold, die screaming." It eventually led to "Silver Nemesis" and the hilarious scene of Cybermen being stopped by gold coins and a slingshot. At the time a popular joke was that in their next appearance, just saying the word "gold" to one would kill it. This was quietly ignored in later episodes, since those Cybermen came from an Alternate History (though a Continuity Nod was made in a tie-in website which stated that said Alternate History Cybermen did initially have an "allergy" to gold, but it was eliminated by R&D). No one has actually tried using gold on them yet... As of "Nightmare in Silver", it is revealed that the weakness to gold wasn\'t due to hardware but, somehow, software problems!\n The new Cybermen don\'t have it much better. Their weakness is being given back their emotions; they fry when the humans they\'re made from enter What Have I Become? mode. The Doctor really hates doing this because it\'s turning them back into real people who promptly suffer Death by Despair at the horror of their situation. What makes it weaksauce is that it gets easier and easier to do: "emotions removed" seems to mean "everyone\'s emotions suppressed by a single Emotion Suppress-O-Tron." If you point a sonic screwdriver at the right doohickey in a Cyberman-run facility \u2014 and getting into position to do this takes less fuss with each encounter \u2014 an entire invasion force winds up clutching its heads and falling dead. At least with the old ones, you\'d run out of coins to slingshot eventually.\n The Cybermen had a wide variety of one episode weaknesses in the original series including radiation, cold, plastic, bullets (yes, really) and nail varnish remover.\n "Image of the Fendahl" had the Fendahleen (but not the Fendahl Core) defeated by rock salt. The application of the rock salt involves a shotgun to the throat, which is bound to sting a bit.\n Daleks are famed for their inability to climb stairs, though this was never established in the show. However, they could be blinded by obscuring their rather obvious eyestalks, or incapacitated by pushing them over. One \'60s story even sees a Dalek defeated by pushing it so it faces a wall and then piling rocks around its base to stop it moving. In their very earliest appearance they could only operate by absorbing static electricity, preventing them from leaving their city. This was later ignored, even in "Genesis of the Daleks", which was set earlier. Over time, they became far more credible foes. They were actually shown climbing stairs in 1988\'s "Remembrance of the Daleks" (much to the Doctor\'s horror). In the new series, they cannot only hover but swoop around like crazy ("EL-EV-ATE!!"), remove foreign substances from their eyestalk lens (much to Wilfred\'s chagrin), and incinerate humans on touch.  Their main weakness now seems to be ignorance, given that the Doctor convinced them a Jammie Dodger was a TARDIS self-destruct device. This only worked because the Doctor threatened to "use it" if the Daleks present tried to scan it to verify his claim. Considering Daleks probably haven\'t got any clue about Earth biscuits, it\'s likely a case of uninformed cautiousness.\n The Slitheen, due to their bodies consisting mostly of calcium, messily explode if acetic acid comes into contact with their skin, no matter how little. Cue the squirt guns filled with vinegar.\n "The Fires of Pompeii" has the Doctor fighting seven-foot rock beasts with a water pistol... and winning. Well, irritating them into backing off, not killing them.\n The Sensorites from the classic-era first season. Afraid of darkness and loud noises. They panicked if you turned out the lights (we\'re not talking pitch-black darkness, either \u2014 half-lit darkness a person with modest night vision could navigate was enough) and could occasionally be cowed into submission by raising your voice.\n "Blink" has creatures that can, when no-one\'s looking, move faster than Jack Harkness confronted with a twelve-step program. When seen, however, they can\'t move. The episode plays this up for Nightmare Fuel, as you have to blink sometime... On the other hand, their biggest weakness is being tricked to look at each other. Apparently, a video recording of an Angel is an Angel in itself. The problem is, if you keep staring at it, it\'ll eventually download into your brain. That weakness? It\'s just another trap. Everyone knows to keep their eyes on them, but if you stare into the abyss long enough...\n When an episode of Extras featured the filming of a mock Doctor Who episode, this very trend was parodied with a giant slug who was vulnerable to table salt \u2014 which he conveniently kept on his desk, just within reach of the Doctor. It\'s a reference to Colin Baker\'s first serial, "The Twin Dilemma", where the Doctor really does fight a giant slug. In the novelisation, the Doctor briefly wonders where he could find a lot of salt, before dismissing the idea.\n The Doctor has one of his own: aspirin.\n The Doctor\'s sonic screwdriver "doesn\'t do wood" (Hee hee hee!) in that it can\'t help much against wooden latches and other such things. It also doesn\'t do deadlocks, and can be deactivated by some hairdryers.\n Heroes:\n Sylar could be reduced to a writhing, quivering lump with the use of a tuning fork after acquiring Dale\'s super hearing (though Dale was the same way). This no longer affected him after  he lost almost all his powers in the second season.\n Similarly, Elle possesses powerful electrical powers, but because of them can be incapacitated by a bucket of water, which shorts the circuit and fries her with her own powers if she tries to use them.\n Smallville:\n Aquaman\'s guest appearance explained that he needed to be constantly wet or otherwise have a glass of water or he loses his immense strength and begins to wither. Considering he has had plenty of his own superpowered problems, this is especially glaring.\n Kryptonite is so common that Clark would almost be better off powerless. Especially problematic in the earlier years when his "monsters of the week" got their powers FROM kryptonite.\n This (unbelievably large amount of Kryptonite on Earth) even made Ultraman flee his own reality because everyone had it and wouldn\'t hesitate to use it against him.\n The classic Star Trek episode "Day of the Dove" features an Energy Being which feeds on negative emotions, and so causes total chaos on the Enterprise by provoking conflict in order to feed on it. Kirk eventually figures out that the alien can be driven off by peace.\n Star Trek: The Next Generation:\n In an episode, the crew deals with a hostile silicon-based lifeform that draws its energy from light. They subdue it by turning the ship\'s interior lighting off.\n In another episode the Captain finds an ancient Vulcan artifact believed to be some kind of superweapon. By that time he has realized its critical weakness \u2014 it can only kill people who have violent thoughts. Remaining calm renders it ineffective \u2014 even Worf is able to counter it using this method.\n On All That, Superdude... is lactose-intolerant. Even throwing milk on him will send him to the ground, disabled. The bulk of his rogues\' gallery is dairy-related: Butter Boy, Yo-Girl, Cow-Boy, the Dairy Godfather, & his Arch-Nemesis Milkman. His one foe without quick access to lactose, the Evil Superdude, gets a Nice Job Breaking It, Hero moment when confused bystanders use a pitcher of milk to Spot the Imposter.\n In the \'80s series V, aliens are vulnerable to certain inoffensive bacteria that live in the human digestive tract. It backfires later on.\n The alien "Gua" in First Wave turn out to be badly affected by salt. It affects them roughly like heroin affects humans. One episode featured renegade Gua hiding out in a derelict building snorting packets of McDonald\'s salt. This is the same series where the hero fought the alien invasion using the lost diaries of Nostradamus, so... Technically, we never see an actual Gua. They\'re husks \u2014 cloned human/Gua hybrids. it\'s possible that actual Gua are immune to salt but happen to be crappy genetic engineers.\n Sportacus, the superhero of LazyTown, becomes helpless if he eats things with sugar, like candy. However it may be that he\'s actually weak to processed sugar, as he can eat (and in fact gets stronger) from eating fruits, which also contains sugars.\n Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Turned on its head by the Gentlemen who die instantly upon hearing a human scream. Because of this they steal everyone\'s voice, making themselves essentially invincible and all the creepier \u2014 they\'re cutting your heart out and you can\'t scream!\n "The enemy of all magic" for the Wizards of Waverly Place is... wait for it... plastic! The villain of the week even manages to take over WizTech by filling the place with plastic balls. Considering how ubiquitous the stuff is in the mortal world, it\'s a wonder magic works at all. In later seasons, all spells can work through phones. Explain that.\n Misfits:\n In season one, Kelly can\'t read minds unless the person is thinking something about her. She advances beyond this weakness by episode 5. But in season 3, her new power, rocket science intelligence, is useless because of her "chavvish" personality.\n In season one, Simon\'s invisibility won\'t work if someone is looking directly at him and he notices. Also in said season, he randomly turns invisible whenever he feels ignored.\n In perhaps the most annoying example, Curtis cannot use his time control power at all unless he feels intense regret or fear. This means if someone important dies, he has to either witness it or cause it in order to undo it. It\'s speculated that he gets over this weakness in episode six of season two. This also happens to be his Berserk Button. He\'s annoyed by this weakness just as much as we are.\n His new power he gained  to become a woman, comes with every disadvantage a dirty Hormone-Addled Teenager could come up with.\n Then after trading THAT power, he gets the power to resurrect the dead, which seems good, but results in an eventual zombification.\n Alisha\'s weakness is her power itself: people want to have sex with (or rape) her the second they touch her, and don\'t even remember it afterwards.\n A dangerous mind-controlling villain cannot control minds unless her victims can hear her.\n A shape-shifting villain feels incredible pain anytime she shapeshifts.\n A villain of the week turns out to be allergic to peanuts, which gets cranked up to Mundane Made Awesome levels and treated as a Kryptonite Factor in the confrontation.\n The new version of the Putty Patrol in season two of Mighty Morphin\' Power Rangers were stronger than their predecessors... but the Z logo on their chests is their power source, and hitting it causes them to fly apart. It is also honking big. This rendered the new Putties the weakest grunts ever. In one episode, children (only some of which were de-aged Rangers) dealt with them using a ball.\n Rangers had a sister series, VR Troopers that had their own Mooks with a bad weakness. The Skugs could be defeated by touching each other.\n In Farscape, Sebaceans are slowly incapacitated by higher temperatures; by higher temperatures, we mean "sweaty but bearable" by human standards. This hits recurring villain Scorpius particularly hard, since as a Scarran/Sebacean hybrid, he has both the crippling heat weakness and glands in his body with no function beyond generating massive quantities of heat, forcing him to insert cooling rods into his brain.\n One episode of The Twilight Zone features aliens that can\'t stand the harmonica.\n The alien "Frogs" (who despite the name look more like humanoid Energy Beings) in Raumpatrouille are immune to hard vacuum and the beams of the human protagonists\' energy weapons pass right through them when they\'re encountered for the first time on the space station MZ-4 in the pilot episode. What kills them in short order once their unprotected bodies are exposed to it? Oxygen. What keeps this weakness from being completely ridiculous in at least that episode is that they\'ve already vented the station\'s entire atmosphere into space and wrecked the life support system beyond repair, so the two Orion crewmembers trapped with them have to improvise (and get them all right the first time, too, because the same trick might well not work twice).\n In Lost Girl, as a wolf-Fae, Dyson is very strong with excellent senses. These senses can be thrown off by kitty litter. Bo is appropriately incredulous.\n The Busters of Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters each have a weak point. Ryuuji (Blue Buster) and Yoko (Yellow Buster) have relatively reasonable and easily dealt with weaknesses, but Hiromu (Red Buster) freezes (to the point of hanging in mid-air) if he gets scared. Which wouldn\'t be too bad, since he\'s rather fearless, in general. Unfortunately, he has an extreme phobia of chickens \u2014 even seeing a cartoon chicken, or hearing the word is enough to lock him down for a while. This happens in battle multiple times. His Buddy Roid partner, Cheeda Nick also has a terrible sense of direction.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Myths & Religion\xa0\n Norse Mythology: When Baldr/Balder, the son of Odin, was born, his mother Frigg made all living things vow not to be able to hurt him. The only living thing that didn\'t make this promise was mistletoe, which would be fatal to him. So Loki, the trickster god, goes and gets an arrow tipped with poisonous mistletoe and has the blind god Hoor shoot it at Baldr, killing him. Baldr\'s death would start a chain of events that led to Ragnarok (see further below for the Devil Survivor example).\n Vampires, the badass creatures of the night who always want to suck your blood, tend to have a lot of weaknesses. Popular tradition holds that you\'re fine as long as you stay in the sunlight, have some garlic, stay inside your house and refuse to let them in, or even wield a simple cross. In fact, pretty much the only traditional weakness of vampires that\'s not weaksauce is the whole wooden stake bit, since getting stabbed through the heart with a pointy stick kills most things. The multitude of fiction involving vampires, though, has led to a multitude of differing weaknesses \u2014 including varying degrees of effectiveness. In some settings, vampires are weak to silver, and other religious symbols affect them as much as Christian ones. Then there\'s the older, more obscure, and even more restrictive weaknesses such as inability to cross running water, or obsessive-compulsive disorder causing the need to count piles of seeds, grains of sand, or other small objects, inability to stand constant bell ringing, and even the need to be invited to enter houses. On the inverse, many of the works that tend toward "non-standard" portrayals of vampires also go at length to mock the traditional weaknesses.\n\n\n\n The Fair Folk are terror-inducing beings of legend and myth, often full-on Reality Warpers... and yet, they can be beaten by a stick of iron, a horseshoe, a length of rowan wood, clothes worn inside-out, or a stick of bread. A popular explanation for the weakness comes from Victorian Era archaeologists, who held that this is all just symbolism for the bronze and stone-working cultures being conquered by iron-working ones. Later academics (like Dr. Diane Purkiss) have shown there\'s no archaeological or historical evidence for this.\n This is an especially big problem for the Nuckelavee of Orcadian folklore. Widely considered the most malevolent elf in all of Scotland, the Nuckelavee is an eldritch horror that resembles a man on horseback, if the man was fused to the horse and both had all their skin flayed off. It rides through the countryside destroying crops, killing travelers, causing floods and plagues and generally being a harbinger for all things bad. How do you defeat this monstrosity? Fresh water, and burning seaweed. The Nucklavee fears freshwater, so much so that it cannot cross a stream, and hides in its oceanic lair during the winter storms. Likewise, it finds the smell of burning seaweed intolerably offensive. However, don\'t provoke the Nucklavee, especially with taunting or burning seaweed, as whenever the Nucklavee is offended, it tries to kill all of the horses in the Orkneys with a hideous disease called "Mortasheen".\n The Irish/Celtic Dullahan, a fearsome headless fairy that rides at night (either alone or accompanied by banshees) to splash buckets of blood into people\'s faces \u2014 to announce the recipient of a face-full will soon die. They\'re also a mean shot with a whip, and sometimes drive horse-drawn carriages decorated with human skulls and femurs. There\'s no known way to actually kill a Dullahan, and the only way to ward one off is to exploit its intense fear of... gold. That\'s right; the Dullahan, possibly one of the most pants-wettingly scary portents of imminent death, can easily be warded off by one of the metals most commonly used to make jewelry.\n\n\n\n Werewolves have their share of weaknesses, too; earlier legends provide ones such as having an iron bar thrown over their head \u2014 although hitting somebody with an iron bar is pretty incapacitating for most creatures \u2014 drawing three drops of blood, or having their name announced one to three times. The popular weakness to silver weapons is a relatively new invention. It often comes with an immunity to anything not made of silver. Most werewolves that don\'t have the silver weakness can be killed by any type of weapon, including silver.\n\n\n\n Basilisks. Okay, they can kill you if you look directly at them, or hear their voice, or if you touch them, or it breaths on you, but guess what? They can be killed instantly by the crowing of a rooster, and their powers don\'t work on weasels. In some legends, Basilisks are also weak to themselves. There are stories of men killing a basilisk by wearing mirrors sewn into clothing.\n Trolls. Yeah, they can rip you limb from limb with their bare hands, but a little sunlight turns \'em into inanimate rocks. One good way to trick a troll into watching the sunrise is to challenge them to a game of riddles: no troll can resist such a challenge. But beware: according to the legends trolls are extremely good at riddles, and if you decide to give up before dawn then they celebrate their victory by eating the loser.\n Many of the oldest portrayals of Satan, the ostensible antagonist to God, has him easily outwitted by peasants and driven away by holy symbols (such as a scapular).\n\n Achilles was the greatest of the Greek Heroes. When he was born, his mother dipped his body in the river Styx (or into a fire, depending on which version of the story it is) so that he would be invincible. The only part of him that wasn\'t affected was his heel, which was where she held him. Given that the trope Achilles\' Heel is named after him, you can guess what happened to him eventually. However, some of the myths indicate that he was shot with arrows poisoned with hydra venom, the same ones that killed Hercules, which deflects the weaksauce bit.\n In folk tradition, salt is often used to repel evil. It was said a circle of salt could protect one from witches, that salt over your doorstep would ward off ghosts and evil spirit. Salt was often seen as a symbol of purity, especially in its uses: Salt is a conservation agent after all, and salt-cured meats don\'t spoil. Salt as a purifier appears in Shinto (Where it is used as a ritual purifier and small mounds of salt can be used to repel evil spirits) and Christianity (where it is used before mass and to consecrate a church).\n In Arabic legend, a ghoul could be killed with a single kick. However, there\'s a flip side: kick the ghoul again and it immediately springs back to life.\n Kappa in Japanese myth are river goblins ranging from mischievous to outright malicious who are said to kidnap children to drown them or tear out their souls and livers. They have a dent in their skulls in which they store water, allowing them to walk on land. Despite their violence, kappa are extremely well-mannered and cannot resist answering a polite bow with an even deeper one. This will cause the water to spill from their heads, forcing them to retreat. Additionally, they love cucumbers even more than children and can easily be distracted with them.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Pinballs\xa0\n In Monster Bash, you can collect items (bombs) that can be used during each monster, such as garlic for Dracula or a Silver Bullet for the Wolf Man. The Bride of Frankenstein\'s weakness is a hair dryer.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Tabletop Games\xa0\n In Heavy Gear the advanced Black Mamba Gear \u2014 one of the more powerful designs in either of the two superpowers\' armies \u2014 had exceptionally weak rear armour. The result is that Black Mambas could be (and routinely were in gameplay) easily defeated by lightweight Cheetah scout Gears. While the fluff text initially ignored this, the game\'s designers eventually acknowledged and lampshaded this weakness by having Mamba pilots clamoring for a solution to the "glassback" problem.\n Hero System; Most of the monsters in Lucha Libre Hero take extra damage from lucha combat maneuvers. And since the PCs are by default technico luchadors, there\'s a lot of these showing up in the fight scenes. But then, the sourcebook was inspired by Mexican lucha films, and "every problem can be solved with a good wrestling hold" was standard in those films.\n In GURPS, the disadvantage Supersensitive makes having any other sort of sentient creature with 20 meters a serious weakness. With Combat Paralysis your greatest weakness is being put in any sort of danger. Naturally such disadvantages are not recommended for Player Characters.\n d20 Modern has a table of random weaknesses... including some really stupid ones, such as: Clowns, the number 8, math, and books written by William Blake.\n In the The Dresden Files RPG, all creatures who take some sort of supernatural toughness, regeneration, or physical immunity must take something called "The Catch", which, when used against them, will take out their ability to shrug off damage. The more common/easily accessible the ability to fulfill "The Catch" (so, something everyone knows about and can get easily), the more points you can get back. So, Catches like "Swords Of The Cross", "Wizards Born Under Special Circumstances", "Soulfire", and "Nuclear Detonations" don\'t really offset the power, while more common and known substances (like iron vs Fey, holy items vs Black Court Vampires, or physically attacking magically immune creatures with a brick loaded sock) will give you more points to potentially work with.\n In Deadlands, there are some creatures and villains who are immune to anything except one weakness. For example, a Hangin\' Judge is vulnerable to a weapon held by a legitimate lawman on duty, a Tummy Twister to hot chili peppers, and Jasper Stone to suicide. That last one is technically correct, but it\'s so much more. The conditions are actually "Stone can only be killed by a gun fired by his own stone-cold hands", so suicide counts... but so would redirecting his shot before it hit its target. So would having Young Stone and Old Stone shoot each other.\n Changeling: The Lost has the concept of "frailties", little weaknesses that certain fae (and overly-powerful changelings) are prey to. Some of them are the classic faerie weaknesses, others can be as odd as "must drink alcohol instead of water" or "cannot cross lines of ants". The only universal weakness is iron, which isn\'t as dangerous as you think because pure iron is rare... and steel does nothing. These weaknesses differ from subject to subject; the fiction for one book has a Genre Savvy mortal invoking every bane she knows from the old tales in an attempt to scare off one of the Gentry. None of them work.\n In Rifts, vampires have all the "classic" weaknesses found in folklore; crosses, garlic, wooden stakes, sunlight, as well as a couple usually attributed to other monsters (wolfsbane, silver). One weakness that\'s rather unique to Rifts, and the most weaksauce of all, is running water, in any form. Which means a vampire that can shrug off nuclear detonations and hails of rail gun bullets can be taken down by a squirt gun.\n It\'s possible to give a character in Champions such a weakness via the Susceptibility Disadvantage. Water, for example, could be worth quite a few points depending on how many dice the character takes from it since it\'s one of the most common substances in practically any game world. This would make it impossible for your character to do such simple things as bathe or shower, and any kid armed with a Super-Soaker and/or a bucket of water balloons would become a credible threat.\n Magic: The Gathering: Marit Lage. An ancient, powerful entity. A sorceress transformed into a horror larger and more powerful than even the mightiest of Eldrazi. Capable of killing a planeswalker in one hit. Immune to most forms of direct damage. And, being a token, is vaporised instantly on contact with Unsummon, a one mana spell that was in more than a dozen core sets.\n Anything in Bleak World with the water weakness is going to be this, as such vampires can go out in neither sunlight or rain. Don\'t even get us started on the GM who decides to put the Macguffin at the bottom of a lake.\n In Munchkin, a Limburger Sandwich is a +3 item that also gives an instant victory against the Floating Nose.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Theater\xa0\n In Gian-Carlo Menotti\'s opera Help, Help, the Globolinks, the invading Globolinks are repelled by music.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Video Games\xa0\n The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has trolls, which are weak to fire. Guess what the first Destruction spell the player knows is?\n Razputin in Psychonauts cannot go into deep water because of a family curse. Any time he goes near deep water, a hand made of water tries to drag Raz in and drown him. It\'s heavily implied that this is actually a psychosomatic weakness caused by Raz\'s psychic abilities rather than the curse being real however.\n The Mega Man series has plenty of bosses who had a weakness to unlikely-looking weapons and questionable moves.\n The final boss of Mega Man 2 can only be damaged with the most useless and most difficult-to-hit-with weapon, Bubble Lead.  The boss is a hologram; other ammo refills its energy (somehow), while the bubble lead shorts it out.\n Metal Man just takes this Up to Eleven. Most bosses laugh at you when you use their own weapons against them. Metal Man explodes in a single hit like an overripe can of sardines being hit by a chainsaw.\n The final form of Wily in Mega Man 3 can be one-shotted with a proper application of Top Spin, a glitchy and hard to aim attack that often damaged you and would drain the entire bar if mistimed. (Thankfully, Search Snakes also work on it\u2014which has much the same movement pattern as the aforementioned Bubble Lead and would be this game\'s hardest-to-hit-with weapon if not for the Top Spin.)\n In Mega Man X and X2, the final boss forms of Sigma were weak against the Rolling Shield (a hard to aim attack that generally did less damage than a charged shot) and the Strike Chain (a pathetically short ranged attack).\n In Mega Man X2, Violen\'s actually weak against the Bubble Splash, and the weakest variation of Silk Shot that you can only use on Wire Sponge\'s stage; a small clump of leaves. Firing leaves on other enemies isn\'t worth the effort and by the time you used up all of the weapon energy for the Silk Shot, you\'ll only have killed a total of five enemies with it. So it\'s best to use it up against him if you happen to encounter him in the said stage and you have this weapon acquired.\n Wave Man of Mega Man 5 was essentially vulnerable to being kicked.\n This comes up in the series so often that the Genre Savvy veteran of the series will, upon reaching the final boss, immediately switch to the hardest-to-use weapon to try fighting Wily. The cases where this isn\'t strictly true are  Mega Man 1 (Wily is vulnerable to two different Game Breaker strategies), Mega Man 4 (vulnerable to an easy-to-use weapon that is slightly prone to abuse), Mega Man 5, and Mega Man 6 (in addition to fulfilling this trope in those two games, Wily was also vulnerable to Game Breaker Beat, which is why Beat was subsequently nerfed).\n Now we have Street Fighter X Mega Man, where one of the weapons is a watermelon. Since this is a Mega Man game, there\'s going to be somebody from Street Fighter who\'s weak to it.  It\'s Rose.\n Rom Hack Rockman No Constancy makes Za Warudo / The World (which isn\'t even offensive) a One-Hit Kill (at least on Normal mode) towards Clash/Crash Man.\n And this feature is carried to many expies. The list includes, but not limited to, Mega Mari and Rosenkreuz Stilette.\n In the sequel of the latter game, one of the late game bosses can be one-shot with a specific weapon. Guess who if you know the Shout-Out.\n Mega Man himself is notorious for being quite durable for an old-school platformer character... unless you\'re talking about spikes, which kill him if he so much as brushes against one.\n Vampyres in RuneScape avert this somewhat. When they were first introduced, Juvinate or higher ranked vampyres could only be harmed by weapons made of silver.... all of which are weak because silver is a soft metal. So it was more like they were just immortal against everything else, and silver worked as well against them as it did against normal monsters. And then the player learns about the Blisterwood Tree.....\n Don\'t even get us into how this applies to multiple-typed Pok\xe9mon.\n Poor Shedinja. Its ability, Wonder Guard, is great (invulnerable to all direct damage moves except for the types it\'s weak against), but it only has one hitpoint, and its type (Bug/Ghost) gives it five weaknesses\u2014including types and common moves that only an idiot would build a team without. That means it\'s only good against AI opponents that you know don\'t have those type moves (or any of the environment moves that would defeat it as well). Moreover, while it\'s invulnerable to direct damage moves, status ailments could affect it normally. Shedinja could simply be confused, and it would effectively commit suicide. Good luck leveling the poor guy without Exp Share.\n Inversely, Shedinja is an extremely viable option in the Legendary/Uber arena, in that most of the commonly used Legendary Pokemon have no moves that can penetrate Wonder Guard. For example, the near-almighty Kyogre will be generated most of the time with no powers that can hit Shedinja, letting the tiny bug cut him to death. If you can take out the one or two (at most) Pokemon that could beat Shedinja, you\'ve practically assured yourself a victory.\n There\'s also Paras and Parasect, who in the first generation had three Super Effective weaknesses (Parasect is also incredibly slow). One of their new abilities in the fourth generation gives Parasect what is essentially a five fold weakness to Fire. Parasect also gets a 100% accuracy sleep move, which is potentially the most powerful status-inducing move in the game, so this was likely added to keep it from being a Game Breaker.\n The Electric type is half-composed of cute little rodents (and a grinning sphere, too, but those are actually dangerous). You\'ll wind up with one-foot-tall squirrels and mice taking down Gyarados\u2014a 21 foot long sea monster known for destroying entire towns in fits of rage\u2014in one hit.\n Several moves and other things introduced in the fourth generation of the games can cause examples of this trope. One of the most hilarious: a Grass-type move called Grass Knot that is said to work by tripping the opponent, and does more damage the heavier the opponent is. The result of this is that the heaviest Pokemon in existence, the Ground-type Groudon, can often be tripped to death in one hit by something as small as a Pichu.\n Dragons are weak to Ice-type moves. This means that pseudo-legendaries like Salamence and Garchomp can be taken out in one hit by an Ice Beam from a Cloyster. As of Pok\xe9mon X and Y, they\'re also weak to Fairy-type attacks. Averted with Kyurem, though, as Ice is its secondary type. As Fire-types resist Ice, too, this also applies to Reshiram. Double Subversion with the aftermentioned Fairy-type, but only for Kyurem.\n Double subverted with Kingdra. Due to its Water/Dragon type, the only super-effective type, for a really long time was Dragon-type attacks. note\xa0Dragon resists Electric/Grass but is weak to Ice. Water is the other way around. Come Pok\xe9mon X and Y, however, and there is the aforementioned Fairy Type. Moreover, there is a certain Ice Type move which subverts the usual type relations, being super-effective against Water (along with Dragon), and therefore opening up a chance for a 4x weakness attack.\n Volcarona is widely considered one of the most badass Bug-type Pokemon. It and its pre-evolved form (Larvesta) naturally lose half their health from Stealth Rock. Just from switching in. Same with other Pokemon with double weaknesses to Rock, notoriously Charizard.\n All Pokemon that are weak to Water probably count, especially the double-weak ones. Using these critters in battles on the ocean is a common source of head scratching.\n Rock/Ground is a common combination. It\'s double-weak to both Water and Grass, and mons of this type usually have very low Special Defense, so pretty much any attack of these types will be an insta-kill. Ironic, since Rock types are supposed to be difficult to kill. Gen V changed the Sturdy ability to prevent insta-kills, so that they can at least survive with 1 HP and get a chance to attack.\n Fairy-types were introduced in Gen VI, and such attacks are super-effective against Fighting, Dark and Dragon types. Hydreigon, Scrafty, and Pangoro thus have a 4x weakness against attacks that typically involve sparkles and cuteness.\n While fairies are resistant to most commonly-used types like the ones mentioned above, their counters are Poison(a generally-weak type since Gen 1) and Steel(Lost resistance against Dark and Ghost to adapt being Fairy counters instead of defenders).\n Lance, the champion in Pok\xe9mon Gold and Silver, is a dragon trainer. That is, he trains dragon-esque Pok\xe9mon, not Dragon-type Pok\xe9mon. This means all of his Pok\xe9mon are part flying, meaning all of them lose at least a quarter of their health to Stealth Rock.\n Somewhat in keeping with the game\'s theme, the Big Bad of Spore,  the Grox, is weak against... Life! They can only survive on barren planets; creating a life-sustaining world kills them (although their spaceships can still bomb you from orbit).\n Disgaea:\n Laharl, being a young demon who makes a big deal out of being evil, is violently allergic to women with sexy bodies and expressions of optimism or hope. In one battle he has to fight a bunch of half-naked succubi and nekomata with his stats halved. During one of those chapters, Flonne nearly kills him by yelling "eternal love!" (her favourite words). This appears to be largely psychological, however. Laharl learns to accept that he is capable of love by the end of the game, and while he makes a few comments about not wanting Jennifer\'s body near him, her presence has no effect on his stats. In Disgaea Infinite you can even use Mind Control to make him love sexy bodies, and glomp Jennifer. The novels explained this as the result of being raised by an abusive, buxom aunt. Disgaea D2, however, implies it was because the curvaceous Ranier was his nursemaid growing up, and to get him to sleep she\'d smother him into unconsciousness with her considerable... assets.\n The fact that the Prinnies explode when thrown is an unfortunate weakness, as well. It doesn\'t matter how high the level and/or stats of a Prinny is, a simple toss is all it takes to do it in. Unless it\'s one of those Prinnies... In the Prinny games, said weakness can be exploited by a Prinny against some particular enemy Prinnies.\n In Elite Beat Agents, an alien species known as the "Rhombulans" come to Earth and ban music because they\'re scared of it. Then the agents come and get everybody in the world to dance to Hoobastank and the Rolling Stones.\n Sonic is extremely weak in water. Not only can he not swim, he also moves at an extremely slow pace when underwater, and sinks like a stone. In Sonic X, he nearly drowns in the first episode, and he can\'t even move while on ice. Episodes of Sonic Underground and Sonic X were devoted to Sonic\'s aquaphobia. Also, in Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games, Sonic wears a life vest whenever he participates in a swimming event. He eventually overcame this in Sonic the Comic by taking swimming lessons, and Sonic Colors gave Sonic an infinite jump underwater, and his Drill Wisp power works just as well underwater as it does underground.\n Final Fantasy:\n In general, Revive Kills Zombie, so even undead bosses can be easily killed as long as you have a Phoenix Down in your inventory.\n In Final Fantasy V, the Bonus Boss Omega, like hard bosses in general, are designed to have immunity to every status attack the player can throw at him... except for Romeo\'s Ballad. For some reason, this machine of death will specifically never be able to dodge a song about love, and will unerringly be frozen for a (very short) time because of it.\n In Final Fantasy VI the irritatingly durable Platinum Dragons (formerly Wirey Dragons in the SNES version) have no elemental weaknesses and high offense and defense. However, Relm\'s generally useless Sketch ability triggers a monster spell called Cyclonic when she sketches a Platinum Dragon, and it knocks out 90% of their hitpoints. The Ultima/Atma Weapon on the floating island is extremely powerful and has a lot of HP, but dies when it runs out of MP, which it doesn\'t have nearly as much of. The spell Osmose absorbs a neat chunk of an enemy\'s MP and adds it to yours, while the spell Rasp destroys a large amount. Rasp, rasp, rasp, dead.\n In Final Fantasy X, using Provoke on Defender X will force him to use an attack that halves the target\'s current HP for the remainder of the fight (unless the Provoker switches out of battle). Therefore, the fight becomes a Foregone Victory. Many other bosses have some exploitable weakness (some more obscure than others), making a "level one" run easier than you might expect.\n The final boss of Final Fantasy Tactics,  St. Ajora, is incredibly weak to  the Oracle spells of Drain and Osmose, the two easiest spells to acquire for the class. The AI even actively hones in on characters using it  by outright killing them if able, or depleting all their magic if not. However, even a single Chemist is enough to counter these effects, and you can merely have the rest of the party wail on the final boss without it even bothering them for an easy victory.\n In Final Fantasy Mystic Quest, due to a rather unusual bug, the basic Cure spell causes a bizarre rollover effect when used on the final boss of the game, either hitting him for tens of thousands of points of damage, or healing him for that amount. Either way, he typically dies in the following round, likely due to a failsafe caused by his hit points being pushed into negative/out of range values.\n Vercingetorix in Final Fantasy XIII is brutally hard...unless you know he\'s vulnerable to poison. In that case, killing him is simply a matter of inflicting poison, then turtling in a three Sentinel paradigm until he removes the debuff, then repeating. It doesn\'t even take that long.\n Poison also remains extremely powerful in both sequels. This is thanks to its mechanics draining a flat 1% of the boss\' max HP, instead of their current HP, meaning that its effectiveness never falls off, many of the games\' harder Bonus Bosses could be cheesed by laying on poison, turtling with sentinels and a medic, and just waiting it out.\n All of the final bosses of the MOTHER series are established as ridiculously powerful, perhaps even immortal, up until the final fight. Hitting it with any attack will do nothing, so you have to resort to attacking them emotionally. Giegue/Giygas from Mother is forced to retreat because Ninten sings the song his mother once sang to him, destroying his resolve. When Giygas makes his return in EarthBound, Ness and his friends have to send a call out to all of the friends and companions they made during their adventure, including you, who all begin praying that they will be safe, allowing them to win. And finally, at the end of the fight against Claus/Masked Man from Mother 3, Claus deliberately kills himself due to brotherly love.\n In EarthBound, using the Jar of Fly Honey on Master Belch will make him stop fighting and focus on just eating it where you\'ll be given the whole time to drop his HP to 0. He\'s actually unbeatable if you don\'t do this to him, though, as his HP simply won\'t go down until then.\n The Pork Trooper in MOTHER 3 is a rabid DCMC fan, and will waste multiple turns staring at you jealously if you show him a piece of their merchandise. The amount of attack power he possesses is high enough to make him a threat even with his attacks coming only every third turn, however.\n The Ultimate Chimera, despite its name, is the only one that has an on/off switch on its back. However, it turns out that the silly-looking bird on its head isn\'t just a decoration and acts as a fail-safe of sorts, reactivating the chimera once the coast is clear...\n Baldur\'s Gate II:\n The extremely powerful liches rely entirely on magic in combat. There is a relatively low-level spell that allows you to polymorph into a 100% magic-immune and thus undamageable-by-liches creature: The Terrifying Mustard Jelly. Game Breaker ensues. This is arguably also a case of Good Bad Bug, since mustard jellies aren\'t 100% immune to all magic under the AD&D rules that Baldur\'s Gate is based upon; they merely resist certain elements and status effects but are affected normally by other spells.\n Also, all healing spells have reverse effects on undeads. The mid-level spell that heals someone back to max HP? It reduces any undead to one HP. Including an epic dracolich.\n Taken even further with Bonus Boss Kangaxx. While he is definitely one of, if not the strongest enemy in the game, his death resistance is piss poor. There are so many ways of taking advantage of these, along with Good Bad Bugs, that someone wrote the song parody "Fifty Ways to Kill Your Kangaxx." ("Use Protect Against Undead, Fred.")\n inFAMOUS:\n Cole has the standard "electric super" Weaksauce Weakness of water... but also has one in chain-link fences. The metallic mesh absorbs his shots and dissipates them harmlessly. He has to go around to shoot whatever is on the other side \u2014 since every last chain link fence in the game is capped with razor wire and can\'t be climbed. Penny Arcade didn\'t let this go without comment. It\'s even lampshaded in the sequel \u2014 you can now climb over chain link fences, and there\'s a trophy for doing so for the first time, celebrating this amazing achievement.\n He has another weakness: areas without flowing electricity. If there isn\'t an active power grid where he is, he suffers from severely blurred vision and is said in dialog to be generally impaired, though this doesn\'t really show in gameplay.\n In [PROTOTYPE], Alex Mercer and the Infected have a Weaksauce Weakness in water. Their biomass is too dense to float. Alex and Hunters will just jump back out of any body of water they fall into after a brief pause. The Infected not so much. However, it takes place on Manhattan Island, so besides the surrounding water that makes it an island, there\'s not a lot of water to use. Makes the quarantine easier to keep, though.\n \u014ckami monsters:\n The "Bloom" technique, that causes flowers to sprout from trees, will also open bud-based enemies and reveal their weak point.\n Umbrella-wielding and flying enemies are weak to "Galestorm" which most of the time isn\'t any more powerful than a moderate breeze.\n The Tengu can be calmed down from going berzerk by causing it to rain.\n The Big Bad is weak to  sunlight, but then again,  he is a god of Darkness.\n The Bonus Bosses of Mana Khemia: Alchemists of Al-Revis are very powerful, to say the least. However, they all share a common monster trait that renders them vulnerable to a certain character\'s normal physical attack. Said character is one of the highest physical attackers of the game (plus, he also has a skill that increases his attack power even more), and abusing the weakness will quickly increase the Limit Break meter, allowing faster access to the uber-powerful Finishing Bursts. This is a saving grace, however, since one Boss Battle has you fighting three Bonus Bosses at once.\n In Devil Survivor, the Nigh-Indestructible enemy Beldr is only harmed by Devil\'s Fuge  AKA Mistletoe, which the only thing made of said plant you can get your hands on is a cellphone strap that is only made in the image of mistletoe. Makes up for it by being That One Boss of the game, but still a rather undignified weakness\u2014but justified, due to the boss\'s background origin.\n An odd case in Tales of Phantasia, which isn\'t a conventional weakness, but more of a developer\x92s oversight. The Bonus Boss of the Bonus Dungeon, Pluto, only has physical attacks, and one ridiculously long charging special attack, all of which have insane amounts of damage behind them, but must be used at close range. The first skill the main character ever learns is a long range, one SP cost move called Demon Fang\', which instantly pushes Pluto back and flinches him. Hence, a Bonus Boss battle where the heroes stay on oneside and nuke the poor guy and the lead constantly pelts him with Demon Fangs, while the boss sits on the other side of the screen defenseless.\n Castlevania:\n  Castlevania II: Simon\'s Quest features the easiest fight against Dracula in the entire series. There are two weapons  the golden knife and the sacred flame which cause Dracula to completely freeze in place. All Simon has to do is repeatedly spam those weapons, and he\'ll win before Dracula can even move.\n In Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin, there\'s an optional battle with the spirit of Richter Belmont, one of the most powerful vampire hunters ever to walk the Earth. The easiest way to beat him is to keep throwing pies in his face, as the downward arc of the Cream Pie sub-weapon lets you safely jump and toss them while staying out of range of his whip and axe. Also the pies are Darkness elemental and boss is weak to Darkness, but that actually doesn\'t make much difference since the pies still aren\'t very damaging.\n Resident Evil:\n It seems that human(ish) enemies in the series are more vulnerable to melee attacks than they are to heavy firepower and ordnance. Krauser from part 4 is weak against Leon\'s knife, and in part 5, the first two fights with Wesker can be considerably shortened by clobbering him with as many QTE combos as possible.\n In Resident Evil 4, the Plagas that hatch out of the various Ganados are either Demonic Spiders or Goddamned Bats, depending on your opinion. However, once "popped", they can be killed instantly with a single flash grenade... yes, that\'s right, the otherwise useless blue grenade you\'ve probably been selling off for upgrades and beefier guns.\n The final part of your fight with Krauser is a pretty tough boss fight...until you realize that your knife does about as much damage as a Magnum bullet and similarly causes him to stagger.\n In Diablo II, a Paladin using the skill Blessed Hammer (commonly known as Hammerdins) are capable of throwing dozens of high-damage hammers at a time, even into the highest difficulties. Their weakness? Walls. Since the hammers arc in a circular pattern, it can be extremely difficult to defeat certain monsters who are positioned in a difficult spot. There\'s a reason why the most effective equipment for a Hammerdin has an item that provides the Teleport spell: because there\'s quite a few mandatory sections of the game that are best served teleporting around, avoiding enemies, grabbing the one item you need, and getting out of there.\n Ormagodden from Br\xfctal Legend was killed by being doused with mud.\n Penny Arcade Adventures features a literal example: the special-attack weapon "Double-Mild Weaksauce" is such a wimpy hotsauce that it actually makes enemies wimpier and more vulnerable when you shoot it at them.\n Although not a flaw of the units themselves, ground units in X-COM Apocalypse can only travel on roads and if the road square they are on is destroyed so are they. Especially galling with the Assault Tank which is pictured as having huge caterpillar treads but still can\'t go off-road.\n In The Secret of Monkey Island, Big Bad Le Chuck is destroyed by  root beer.\n In Nelly Cootalot, there\'s El Mono, who guards the gates to the mine/spoonbeaks\' prison, with some pretty powerful (as Adventure Game standards go) magic. So what is an ordinary Pirate Girl to do? After doing a few more errands, the answer will come in the form...of an orange.\n Kirby: Meta-Knight isn\'t afraid to get bloody in battle...but he is afraid of losing his mask. Every battle with him ends with his mask coming off, revealing that he\'s every bit as cute as the rest of the inhabitants of Pop Star. He immediately wraps himself in his cape and leaves.\n Halo:\n Scarabs are somewhat easily beaten in Halo Wars, stick an infantry unit too close for it to hit and send your army after it while it\'s stuck. They tend to die quick unless they have engineers.\n In the first game, the Hunters were enemies who could easily ruin your day. The best way to kill them, other than a rocket, was a single Pistol round to the unarmored area in their back. That\'s right, just one Pistol bullet. Justified in-universe in that said pistol fired high-explosive armor piercing rounds, but still. Bungie nerfed this ability of the pistol in the games later in the series.\n Kanbari in Shin Megami Tensei: Strange Journey is weak to physical attacks, and each hit against him generally results in a cooperative attack with your allies. To be fair, he\'s the god of the toilet, so players are right not to expect much. Be careful, however - Kanbari does know Tetrakarn (which reflects physical attacks).\n The most likely candidate for the Big Bad of BlazBlue, Terumi, is, story-wise, one of the most powerful beings alive...and he is allergic to cats. Horribly allergic. So allergic that  his joke ending has him reduced to a sniffling sneezing chew toy of the Kaka kittens. It\'s hinted to be canon too; in one scene he mentions that he hates the smell of cat. It\'s possible that Relius Clover, a Jerkass in his own right, added those allergies when he created Terumi\'s current body as a twisted joke.\n Kratos from Tales of Symphonia\'s weakness is tomatoes. His son Lloyd seems to have inherited that weakness. Every playable character in the game has a least favorite food in the same way \u2014 Kratos\' is just the only one that became memetic, probably because he\'s so stoic as to become The Comically Serious. It\'s not like they can ever get used against him in battle or anything.\n Captain Novolin is weak against junk food. It makes him sick when he gets near it.\n Hooktail, the boss of Chapter 1 in Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door, has a weakness to things that start with "cr" and end with "icket".  This is because she ate some crickets a long time ago prior to the game\'s events, and the sound of crickets became so unbearable to her that she never wanted to eat a single cricket again. Equipping a certain badge that makes a cricket sound lowers her attack power and her defense drastically, making her easier to defeat.\nHooktail: Bleck! That awful sound! It... sounds like a cricket! How did you know?\n In SimCity 4, most buildings and infrastructure will crumble to pieces if you move the ground near them.\n Touhou: In Immaterial and Missing Power, Patchouli tells Youmu that she ought to be weak to fire since she\'s (half) an undead. Youmu replies that it doesn\'t apply to ghosts. In the end her human half turns out to be weak fire, but then again who isn\'t?.\n In her scenario, Patchouli ends every fight by listing her opponents\' weaknesses that often turn out to be weaksauce (although the validity or application are doubtful):\n Reimu: Wasabi.\n Marisa: Eel.\n Sakuya: Asian ginseng, bitter melons.\n Alice: Chili peppers.\n Youmu: Bitter melons.\n Remilia: Lots of weaknesses....\n Yuyuko: Fire.\n Yukari: Dried plums.\n Suika: Fried beans.\n Youkai are said to be able to regenerate physical damage very fast, but are weak to faith.\n In Embodiment of Scarlet Devil, there\'s Rumia, the Stage 1 boss. She has the power to control darkness itself...but whenever she manifests this power, it blinds her and she starts walking into things. In other words, her weaksauce weakness is herself.\n Finally Oni (which in this verse includes devils and vampires) are believed to be vulnerable to boiled beans, but apparently this is only because humans think so.\n The Lunarians are established in the series as a race of extreme intelligence and extreme power whose society is like Gensokyo with its security buffed on steroid. Our heroes tried to invade them twice, with the second only technically succeeding by piles of fake-outs. In Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom, the antagonists are easily laying siege on these super-powered immortals - by exploiting their xenophobia through fairies. As fairies brought life to their surrounding nature and life itself is abhorrent to the Lunarians, doubled with Complete Immortality nature of the fairies, they got cornered more and more within their capital with their weapons doing nil on the invading fairies.\n In the SNES The Wizard of Oz game, the Tin Woodman is normally useless, since he can\'t crouch or jump, but his attack is apparently the only one that can hit the Wicked Witch.\n In The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Mothula is generally considered by far the most difficult fight in the game, since it\'s meant to be killed with the fire wand but most players don\'t have enough fuel to get the job done. However, you can deal massive damage if you unleash a bee on him... (It\'s worth noting that this is the only boss fight this tactic will work for, so perhaps the game designers realised how disproportionately difficult it was normally).\n Minecraft\'s final boss, the enderdragon, is extremely difficult to defeat with a sword, and arrows take a long time to bring it down. However, they can be damaged with snowballs, which usually just knock mobs back without hurting them. Since snowballs can be stockpiled easily in a snow biome, and can be thrown much faster than arrows can be shot, they\'re probably the easiest way of winning the fight, and most people would never think to use them since they\'re harmless when used against 95% of the other mobs.\n Endermen are damaged by water. Poor Endermen, caught out in the rain...\n World of Warcraft is rife with such weaknesses to make otherwise impossible encounters winnable or just for amusement value. One great example is a quest where you have to get an artifact to defeat a pack of imps. The effect of this awesome weapon? It creates beautiful rainbows... cue sound of heads exploding.\n In Super Robot Wars Z 2: Saisei-Hen, The DAMON are affected by Basara\'s singing. They even take damage, making Basara a viable choice for fighting against the DAMON.\n In Assassin\'s Creed Revelations, the Janissaries are the toughest enemies in the game by far. Able to survive normally insta-kill kill chains, multiple stab and gunshot injuries, can pull pull out a pistol and shoot you in the face, players learn to loathe them quickly. The fists of an elderly man are the bane of their existence, since chaining 4 unarmed attacks will take them out of commission. Quite depressing when a soldier trained from childhood meets his end from Ezio kicking his nuts twice.\n The Aperture Science security androids in Portal will riddle you with bullets from their bottomless magazines ... unless someone tips them over. Then they plaintively self-destruct.\n For some reason, vampires in the world of BloodRayne are vulnerable to water. Not just holy water or running water, any water at all will burn them. As half-vampires, Rayne is half as vulnerable, but it can still kill her if she\'s fully immersed, or if she stands around in a puddle long enough.\n In Dark Souls, for all its legendary difficulty, you would be absolutely amazed at how many bosses can be killed with Dung Pies. Seriously, you can literally kill some of the strongest bosses by flinging poop at them.\n Played for laughs in Spandex Force when shortly after a Hopeless Boss Fight a surprisingly well-informed little old lady tells your character that according to Science Today its main weakness is coleslaw.\n In The Twisted Tales of Spike McFang, soup is what renders the Freezer vulnerable. Lampshade Hanging emphasizes how absurd this is.\n Wart, Final Boss in Super Mario Bros. 2 has only one weakness. Vegetables. Smacking Wart with veggies isn\'t what hurts him, but the taste alone is vile to him. You force feed Wart until he gives up in defeat.\n The vampires of the Legacy of Kain franchise have the generic weaknesses including one to water; just standing in a heel-deep puddle will quickly burn away at Kain\'s health in Blood Omen 1 and 2, and even after becoming something short of a god, Kain still can\'t be submerged in it in Defiance. Most of the vampire clans have evolved past the sunlight weakness in the thousand years between the first Blood Omen and Soul Reaver, only fledglings and the Rahabim (who evolved to survive in water) are harmed by direct sunlight. Impalement is, at best, a temporary solution, even a vampire that\'s been dead for a thousand years can spring back to life if the object used to impale it is removed unless their body is further destroyed by flame or water.\n Monkey and Secret Army 2 ends with the monkey becoming a superhero to battle the Giant Enemy Crab. He\'s going to beat the crab when it distracts him with bananas. He flies off and is not seen again until chapter 5.\n The Bizarre Adventures Of Woodruff And The Schnibble: Woodruff can repel the Beast from his body by... eating bouzuhouli, an old Bozouk dish.\n War Thunder, being a simulator, realistically deals with most of the idiotic design decisions that plagued the real life tanks. Soviet tanks as a whole struggle to aim down, making them hilariously awful on hilly maps where a German or American tank can just plink at them with impunity from a gully.\n Splatoon: The Kraken special weapon turns the Inkling\'s squid form into a powerful monster that can easily deal with any unprepared opponent by simply jumping at them... unless they\'re standing over a grate, that is. Like the regular squid form, Krakens fall through grates. Best case scenario they just fall to a lower area of the map. Worst case scenario their desperate chase for the opponent makes them fall straight into a Bottomless Pit or become a victim of Super Drowning Skills.\n Judge Dredd: Dredd vs. Death: Hilariously, Judge Mortis can be fought with cleaning products according to the loading screen, although it\'s not put to the test in the game itself.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Animation\xa0\n Eddsworld: In one of the early Christmas specials Edd is saved form death when he finds the Grim Reaper\'s one weakness: Gravy.\n ASDF Movie: "Kitten Fight!" "No wait, I\'m allergic to adorableness!"\n Tonin: After being made indestructible, Vilano-san is told to avoid dairy. He doesn\'t understand the full implications behind the warning until the hero hits him with a hunk of cheese during Season 1\'s climax. During Season 4, one of his sons tries to obtain that same power in spite of knowing that weakness comes with the package.\n In the second season of XIN, Dimir seems to be an unstoppable combatant. When the eponymous hero realizes he has weak stamina and restricts his movements to conserve it, he\'s beaten like a red-headed stepchild.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Comics\xa0\n Cheshire Crossing (by the creators of Casey and Andy) delves into the weakness from the The Wizard of Oz: The Wicked Witch of the West explains that all witches are vulnerable to water (while in Oz, at least)\u2014she was keeping the water on hand should Glinda the Good Witch launch a surprise attack. (In a later scene, the bucket is labeled "In case of Glinda".) She just never expected her enemy to bully a little girl into doing the deed.\n Another spoof of The Wizard of Oz comes from Magicians & Munchkins; the Wicked Witch simply took this disadvantage to get a few additional levels in magic.\n It\'s more of a tribute than a spoof, but in Namesake, the Wicked Warlock of the West has the exact same weakness as his predecessor.\n Toothgnip the goat in Goats gets his Kavorka Man powers from "The Panties of Potency". This had nothing to do with the artist having trouble drawing Toothgnip standing on all fours, honest!\n Parodied in this strip of The Order of the Stick, where, since Haley always has her sandwiches without pickles, Crystal thinks they\'re toxic to her.  They\'re not.\n In one Bob the Angry Flower strip, Bob thinks that a superhero has the Weaksauce Weakness of bacon. He turns out to be wrong, but we never find out what the weakness actually is.\n Another one has Bob running a hot peanuts stand, recognizing a customer and his friends as a band of supervillains, and instantly and correctly deducing that they are actually buying ammunition for an attack on Anaphylactic Man\'s fortress. (He sells it to them anyway.)\n Yet another has Bob defeating an evil skeleton with the obscure knowledge that skeletons have a fatal weakness to raisins. Yeah, it\'s that kind of comic.\n This episode of Dinosaur Comics claims to have been inspired by this trope. More specifically, it\'s about the dangers of peanut allergies, orange juice, and the water that takes up 70% of the earth\'s surface.\n Tales of the Questor subverts this with the fey. General belief is that they are vulnerable to "Cold iron" but this proves to be false. Research into why the iron did not work reveals that the ancient documents that the information was obtained from were actually misprinted versions found in an ancient garbage dump and that the symbol for cold and the symbol for north are very similar. Turns out the weakness is not cold iron but "north seeking iron" (lodestone), they are vulnerable to strong magnetic fields. Unfortunately only the weakest fey have this vulnerability, the strong ones can shrug it off (though with immense pain).\n Bob and George: Tomahawk Man is lethally allergic to Plant Shield, something Mega Man considers to be the crummiest power in the series. However, what really takes the cake is Ran Mark II, a monstrosity so intimidating it makes Bob virtually shit his pants. However, he is vulnerable to one of the most common substances in the Bob and George setting: Ran Mk I corpses. Bob, a demigod of fire, is flat fucking terrified of Pok\xe9mon.\n In Goblins: Life Through Their Eyes, Klik, a sentient metallic being able to fly, morph into anything, and absorb genetic information from flesh-based life-forms, is corroded when coming into contact with blood.\n In Sequential Art, the Denizens (little black shadow creatures) are dependent on their leader when they try to conquer the Earth. When he is killed, they just mill around the house, helping out or watching soap operas. And this leader can brandish a chainsaw, but just like the rest of them was small enough to be placed in a drinking glass and thrown out a window. Also, apparently Kat\'s evil former teacher\'s life is somehow linked to the ruler she waves at her students while yelling at them. When Kat breaks it in a fit of anger, the teacher has a heart attack and dies. And There Was Much Rejoicing.\n This trope and the classic superhero Twinkie advertisements are brilliantly parodied in this Super Stupor comic.\n Sluggy Freelance:\n At one point, the bad guys have robotic water-coolers that short circuit on contact with water. Yeah, someone really didn\'t think that one through.\n The Evil, a litter of kittens made invincible, bloodthirsty fiends by Satan still suffer the psychological limitations of being kittens: give them milk, balls of string, or some toy mice, and they\'ll be too distracted and contented to murder you.\n The demons of the Dimension of Pain can\'t stand the smell of flowers. This means that they can\'t enter the sewers in the Dimension of Lame, that place being a real Sugar Bowl.\n In A Girl and Her Fed, the agents with the Pocket President chip installed get incapacitating migraines when exposed to really bright light. It\'s why they all wear the Cool Shades.\n Charby the Vampirate: "Classic" vampires have all the classic weaknesses of the vampires, while "elites" possess none of the weaknesses, save one... Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. If they come across a pile of identical objects (a pile of rice, beans, the beads from a woman\'s dress that had accidentally come apart), they have to count it, regardless of the circumstances. For classic vampires, this can cause them to count until the sun comes up, and they die. For elites, trying to use this on them just ends up pissing them off, since the sun has no effect on them.\n And Elites can still go around that with mathematics: Charby is seen weighting both a small sample and the whole heap on pocket scales, and deducing the total number from the sample size.\n Liz\'s beast-man of a boss in Dead Winter doesn\'t really know how to fight, yet is still able to take on Monday pretty effectively due to his sheer giganticness and indestructibility. Monday stabs him in the shoulder, kicks him in a certain area, etc. but never really fazes him; the heroes end up smashing him in the head with a metal pole attached to a fast-moving car, but this only stuns him temporarily. His weakness? Germs\u2014the imaginary kind. He\'s such a hypochondriac that slapping him in the face with a dirty mop will give him a panic attack. He gets over his fear of zombie infection pretty quickly, though...\n Axe Cop\'s weakness is being surprised. He melts. And his second weakness is cherry rainbow.\n Sydney in Grrl Power has seven orbs that grant her powers. But she has to hold an orb in her hand to use it, so she can only run two powers at a time. When asked what her weakness is, she said:\nSydney: So yeah. Mittens are my kryptonite.\n The robots in Gunnerkrigg Court have the strength and speed of a machine, and some are safe even against Kat\'s electro-disruptor. But they have a big red button on top of their heads. Yep, they have a large, highly visible, easy-to-reach off switch.\n In Rusty and Co.\n The male vampire was killed by a pizza \u2014 not because of the garlic, but because of his gluten intolerance.\n Cube\'s weakness is synthetic fabric.\n And gnolls are vulnerable to dog whistles!\n In Eldritch, while most Eldritch wolves are allergic to silver, any bullet in the heart or head would do them in just as easily.\n In Nodwick, the Evil Sorcerer Ildomir went to a school for wizards called the Heractium Dark Arts Academy, where teachers punished students with a song called "I Write the Spells" (a Song Parody of the pop classic I Write the Songs) which also made them more evil. Unfortunately, this punishment was too much for Ildomir, and ever since, simply hearing the song would drive him to the brink of madness.\n In El Goonish Shive, the fire-summon mooks have a weakness to water, despite not actually being on fire. Trying to make flaming creatures with a summon spell that can\'t allow it (the creatures would incinerate themselves) causes the effect.\n In DNA, Species X can have their powers turned off by getting them wet, especially on the hands, so they can easily be disarmed with squirt guns or sprinklers, although just getting a little mud on their hands doesn\'t seem to affect them.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Original\xa0\n In the Whateley Universe, The Fair Folk (and mutants who are turning into Fae) are vulnerable to Cold Iron. Wrought iron benches, cast iron skillets, and so on. But Fey is also vulnerable to synthetic fabrics which give her a burning rash. She could be incapacitated by rayon lingerie! (Or The \'70s.)\n Apparently there is a reviewer that can be destroyed by edutainment games.\n Global Guardians PBEM Universe:\n Plastic, a substance unknown to the Ancient Greeks, is completely opaque to the Mask of Justice\'s vision powers. Thus, he can\'t even see through Saran Wrap (tm) while wearing his mask. (This weakness extends to other substances unknown to the Ancient Greek magicians, but plastic is the one that keeps coming up.)\n Mongibello, a "geokinetic" who can control and move earth and stone, can be rendered powerless simply by picking him up, or otherwise prevent him from touching the ground.\n The Centaurians in The Pentagon War are cold-blooded. They automatically hibernate whenever it gets too chilly.\n Walking City OCT: The Beast, an extremely powerful, assimilating, infectious Eldritch Abomination is vulnerable to Wi-Fi connection, due to also being part-computer virus. As such, the Robot Buddy manages to suck all of The Beast into his system before blowing himself up to take The Beast down with him.\n JonTron discovers that the Scissorman\'s weakness is  a slice of ham, which causes him to dissolve.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Western Animation\xa0\n The titular character of Invader Zim is a member of a hyper-advanced, genetically engineered race of aliens for whom Humongous Mechas are a mundane occurrence and whose sole purpose seems to be conquering the entire universe. His main weakness? Water (possibly just polluted water) and meat.\n Captain Planet, being a paragon of clean Earth, is weak against your usual forms of pollution (smog, toxic waste, etc.), as well as Hitler-level hatred, apparently. You might consider these not particularly weaksauce, but it suggests Gaia went seriously wrong in the design stage: the things he was created to fight against are the things that do him the most damage. It\'s like J\'onn J\'onnz deciding to be a firefighter or Alan Scott deciding to only fight evil loggers.\n His evil counterpart Captain Pollution has an even lamer weakness: direct sunlight, lack of pollution, and clean water. Yes, any remotely clean source of drinking water sprayed in his face will make him bow down and crawl helplessly. This seriously deters his ability to establish himself as a credible threat.\n Namor the Sub-Mariner of Marvel Comics is similarly affected by pollution (though not by hate, which is good, since he seems to run on it), but that makes sense, as he\'s a water-breather. Because he\'s a Half-Human Hybrid, he\'s also subject to insanity and fits of rage if he stays submerged for more than two weeks. Or emerged for more than two weeks. So he needed to switch environment every week to stay sane. Until authors simply forgot the issue.\n Yin Yang Yo!\n The only thing that prevents Brother Herman from taking over the world is the fact the he\'s allergic to panda fur. As long as Master Yo, the last panda on the planet, is around, failure will be his only option.\n His brother Carl, The Evil Cockroach Wizard has been shown to be a very powerful villain capable of global domination himself, he has one glaring weakness: self-esteem. He\'s been defeated by insults and peer pressure, and his own low opinion of himself keeps him from going full-tilt against the heroes and his brother.\n Birdman from the old Hanna-Barbera cartoons had the powers of flight, energy beams that shot from his hands, enhanced strength, and a personal force field \u2014 and drew his powers from the light of the sun. Fair enough, there are plenty of other solar-powered heroes out there (Superman, Cyclops (sometimes), Starfire). Unlike those heroes, however, Birdman apparently had no energy reserve; he became weak as a baby after being removed from sunlight for less than a minute. As it was implied that being out of the sun for an extended period of time ("extended" apparently being something like five minutes) was fatal to Birdman, it\'s a wonder he didn\'t spontaneously drop dead at night. No wonder he became a lawyer. After he became a lawyer, he developed a new Weaksauce Weakness; he\'s completely worthless if he loses the Birdman insignia that he keeps on his forehead.\n In an episode of Ben 10, it turns out that the leader of the Galactic Enforcers (an alien superhero team, said leader an obvious parody of Superman) has a devastating weakness to chocolate, which Ben himself points out is a lame superweakness.\n The members of the Sushi Pack are rendered powerless by any kind of heat, but even worse, they feel compelled to announce this every time a villain pulls out a heat lamp.\n WordGirl isn\'t so much defeated by a cute little kitten, but rather easily distracted by one. She also compensates for her language abilities by showing a complete lack of competence in art, poetry, and dance.\n Parodied in Futurama: "The human was impervious to our most powerful magnetic fields, yet in the end he succumbed to a harmless sharpened stick!"\n "Who would have thought a small amount of liquid would ever splash on meeeee!?"\n An episode of Martin Mystery had an alien fungus monster that had taken over a small town and replaced the inhabitants with clones. Both it and the clones could be killed with salt. As luck would have it, the small town just happened to be in northern Utah.\n Mumm-Ra from Thunder Cats, with a weakness to his own reflection. The writers eventually realized this made Mumm-Ra too lame, so they had him get over it. The Thundercats had a harder time dealing with him after that. Even more so when he got an Infinity+1 Sword of his own.\n Plutar was weakened by soap. The show was so far in the future that modern society was all but forgotten; soap was treated as an ancient science.\n The Powerpuff Girls\n When Buttercup wanted to become a better superhero in "Super Zeroes", she became Mange, a knockoff of Darker and Edgier comic book Anti Heroes \u2014 Spawn in particular. However, when the time came for her and her sisters (both of whom also assumed their own "better superhero" identities) to go out and fight a monster destroying Townsville, Mange was the only one who stayed behind, saying it\'s too bright and that she only travels at night. Mange then spent the rest of the day sitting on the couch with Professor Utonium until night fell, arriving too late at the scene as the monster had already left (her sisters were also late for reasons of their own). The three girls spent the night under a tree. When the monster came back to face the girls again, Mange sits out the fight, preferring to stay under the tree\'s shade. This attitude led the monster to eventually call her "Little Miss Darkness who\x92s afraid of a little sun".\n Being kindergarteners, the girls have plenty of weaknesses of their own any other time\u2014they have been shown to be deathly afraid of "cooties", cockroaches, and broccoli. The episodes these weaknesses show up in usually involve some sort of super-powered or evil version of it, so it\'s not always so silly...\n There\'s Antidote X which was used in only one television episode ("Slumbering With The Enemy", on the girls themselves) and in the movie (on Mojo Jojo).\n Mojo also tried to use it in another episode where he also used Chemical X to give his then-partner Princess super-powers. Unfortunately, this backfired on both villains, and Princess was hit with the Antidote X, letting the Girl trounce them both.\n The original incarnation of their Spear Counterpart enemies the RowdyRuff Boys are so grossed out by the girls\' kisses that they explode. And after being genetically modified to actually gain strength from this past weakness ( aka puberty), they gain a new weakness,  humiliation. Yes, humiliation. Anytime they are embarrassed and laughed at, they shrink.\n Gargoyles\n The titular creatures turn into immobile statues during the day, which leaves them extremely vulnerable. They try to work around this in various ways (working a deal with humans in exchange for protection, magic spells, etc.) However, this is actually a bit of a double-edged sword. Though vulnerable as stone statues, they are COMPLETELY healed of almost ANY wounds (even potentially fatal ones) when they return to flesh and blood. Hudson, being the most experienced of the main cast, uses this to his advantage, defeating the better armed and fitter Demona while protecting an injured Goliath by simply keeping her at bay until dawn. When the sun sets, Goliath is healed and they easily dispatch her together.\n Oberon\'s Children, like other portrayals of The Fair Folk, are all vulnerable to iron. Iron can disrupt their magic, actually hurt them, and imprison them. In his  not really first appearance, Puck is forced to obey Demona after being bound with iron chains. The Weird Sisters are also coerced into doing a favor in exchange for being released from an iron chain. Later, The Trickster Coyote is trapped in the robot Coyote\'s latest body which was constructed with iron from a magical cauldron. Their ruler Oberon, while not immune to iron, is powerful enough to withstand being impaled by an iron harpoon though it does cause him to wither in appearance for a short time.  (An Iron bell on the other hand, can easily kill him.)\n One episode of My Life as a Teenage Robot has an incredibly powerful, sadistic, and sexist supervillain, Himcules, who gets stronger and stronger anytime he causes someone pain, and of course, he appears right after Jenny has implanted sensors in herself that either tickles herself or causes her pain. Stuck in "Pain" mode, Himcules continues to gain more and more muscle (and even pleasure) every second he makes her cry in pain... then she comes upon a little girl who kindly (sorta) switches her "Pain" switch to "Tickle", and it just so happens that laughing at Himcules is his only weakness.\n In Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Fast Forward Sh\'Okanabo\'s first attempt to infect Earth with his progeny is thwarted by...sunlight. Although this is handwaved as a particular, unexpected feature of Earth\'s, and Sh\'Okanabo himself is not normally affected, dealing with his weakness is the thrust of his character arc throughout the remainder of the season.\n In one episode of The BOTS Master, the Big Bad uses a special alloy to make his Mecha-Mooks Nigh Invulnerable. The good guys think that they\'re screwed, until the inventor of the alloy tells them that the alloy can be dissolved by...citric acid. In the end they use lemon juice to defeat the new Mecha-Mooks.\n Kim Possible\n Felix Renton\'s Super Wheelchair is one of the most advanced pieces of technology in the series. It can hover and has Combat Tentacles. But it can be hijacked by a wireless game controller.\n One of Dr. Drakken\'s schemes was to create an army of Kim Possible clones. The scheme failed when Wade figured out that the clones were chemically unstable and would melt if exposed to carbonated soda.\n In So The Drama, Drakken created a synthodrone that could pass for human. It blocked Kim\'s last-ditch attempt to stop Drakken... until one bite from Rufus drained its synthogoo and destroyed it.\n Darkwing Duck\n Not exactly canon, but when he retells his origins in "The Secret Origin of Darkwing Duck," he describes meeting another hero whose weakness is Coo-koo Cola. She winds up falling into a vat of the stuff at a factory and, well ... adds to the Disney series\' death count. Then again that story\'s complete baloney (to name but one problem, that hero was played by Gosalyn and Launchpad was her sidekick, neither of whom Darkwing met until after he\'d been a hero for a while already), so it doesn\'t really count.\n There\'s also Comet Guy (Super Weight: 4), whose Achilles\' Heel is that every time he hears the sound of a bell, he starts dancing mindlessly until he hears a whistle. His intellect might also count, but frankly it probably can\'t even do 2+2.\n The Fairly OddParents: All that fairy magic is neutralized when they are under a butterfly net. There\'s also all the various "Da Rules" which prevent them from undoing some of the more disastrous wishes, but do nothing to stop them from getting into these situations to begin with. One thinks an "I wish that no wishes that will somehow prevent me from undoing those wishes can be cast" wish might save a lot of trouble.\n SpongeBob SquarePants\n The alien jellyfish in the episode, "Planet of the Jellyfish", dissolve into puddles of goop upon contact with mayonnaise.\n One of Mermaidman and Barnacleboy\'s antagonists is the Dirty Bubble, who is... a bubble. Go ahead, guess a weakness.\n Codename: Kids Next Door: The Kids overcome Father\'s pyrokinesis by drenching him in ice cream. (Oddly enough, he still eats it from time to time, especially when he\'s depressed.)\n Danny Phantom\n Desiree\'s main weakness is that she has to grant every wish she hears, including wishes like "I wish you were defeated."\n The Fright Knight is also stupidly vulnerable. If his sword gets sheathed in a pumpkin, he is instantly defeated. His worst nightmare is probably somebody using an ordinary pumpkin as a shield.\n Mighty Ray of Hero 108 has the ability to shoot lightning from his eyes. The drawback is that he has to eat a banana to do it...and he hates bananas. He can also have his eyes knocked out of his head, which happens more often than you\'d like to think.\n Several characters from CatDog refer to this trope as "Porkfat", named after the weaksauce weakness of the in-universe movie character, Mean Bob.\n Bureau of Alien Detectors: When making an unstoppable zombie army, it\'s a good idea to ensure that the one thing that will kill them doesn\'t exist naturally in the atmosphere. Oxygen.\n Jimmy Two-Shoes: According to Word of God, Lucius actually has some pretty terrifying powers, including Reality Warper abilities. The sole reason he doesn\'t use them is because his pride would be wounded if he admitted he needed them. Without them, he becomes a rather Harmless Villain.\n According to God, the Devil and Bob, Satan can\'t stand Tony Orlando songs. This comes in handy the one time he actually tries to knock off the comedy routine and physically attack Bob.\n Ben 10: Ultimate Alien features in one episode an otherwise-invulnerable plant monster that dissolves on contact with... peanuts. No explanation is given beyond "it\'s allergic".\n The Imperium, White Martian expys in Justice League have an even greater weakness than the usual fire. Direct sunlight causes them to burn and evaporate near instantly. One would think they\'d be moving along planet systems away from suns, but no.\n Lucy, the Daughter of the Devil\n Not only is vampires\' weakness to sunlight so great that they can be turned to dust by UV fluorescent lights, but they\'re deathly afraid of balloons.\n And when Senator Whitehead turns into a giant monster, his weakness is beatboxing.\n The second act of the Mr. Bogus episode "Totally Bogus Video" showed that the Dirt Dudes are vulnerable to fruit punch, as it causes them to melt when it comes in contact with them, a la the Wicked Witch of the West.\n The controversial Looney Tunes short "Wagon Heels" features Injun Joe, The Superchief as its villain. Injun Joe is a powerhouse: he shatters mountains and laughs at gunfire. But Porky Pig\'s sidekick Sloppy Moe knows Injun Joe\'s secret weakness. He\'s ticklish!\n If SheZow gets her hair messed up, she loses her power \u2014 fortunately for her, she has a can of hair spray in the Beautility Belt to fix this.\n In Batman Beyond, the assassin Inque is vulnerable to: water, electricity, severe cold, and dehydration. Despite this, she\'s likely the strongest villain in the series (in terms of physical power), who has likely come closer to killing Terry than anyone else (even his Arch-Enemy Blight), and while he has defeated her, he has always needed help from someone else to do so.\n In The Transformers, the Decepticons were once driven off by a fire suppression system that sprayed them with fire-retardant foam after Megatron claimed it would short out their circuits. Why this doesn\'t make Inferno and Hot Spot (Autobots who turn into fire trucks) into the Decepticons\' primary nemeses has never been explored.\n In what may be a weird mixture of Call Back and Running Gag, Sideways in Transformers Cybertron and Starscream and Blackarachnia in Transformers Animated have also been incapacitated by fire-retardant foam for varying lengths of time. This includes the foam from a traditional human-sized fire extinguisher, in the case of Sideways.\n In the Talespin episode, "Pizza Pie in the Sky", the normally healthy and active Louie is severely allergic to anchovies. One whiff of the irregular anchovies that Baloo and Kit bring him is enough to make him ill and delusional.\n Parodied in an episode of Freakazoid!, where Gutierrez confronts Freakazoid armed with a small collection of famous Weaksauce Weaknesses like a chunk of kryptonite, a gold card and a glass of water. Then he finds out that his weakness is actually graphite bars charged with negative ions. And "poo-gas" (but then again, nobody likes poo-gas.)\n Avatar: The Last Airbender: Element-bending is basically Supernatural Martial Arts combined with Elemental Punch, meaning that you can stop the craziest of superpowered benders by tying up their hands and legs. Though there are those with whom even that won\'t work  (Aang can blow people away with a sneeze, Iroh and Korra can breathe fire, Bumi can earthbend with his face, Yakone and Noatak have demonstrated psychic bloodbending, Combustion Man and P\'li can blow things up by thinking at them, and Ming-Hua can waterbend despite having no arms.\n In the season 4 premiere of Jackie Chan Adventures, Tohru threw an onion at Tarakudo on the strength of his mother\'s fairy tales about onions repelling oni. Tarakudo screamed about his eyes burning and vanished. Several episodes in we get Jade digging an onion out of a dumpster.\nTarakudo: No! Anything but onions! (Jade throws it at him.) My eyes! My eyes! (poof)\n A one off villain could be turned to stone if exposed to salt.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Real Life\xa0\n Any human being, no matter their condition or how healthy they are, are at risk of Commotio Cordis (agitation of the heart). This requires being hit in the chest over the heart at the right point of a heartbeat. Only a few dozen cases are reported per year, but victims are almost guaranteed to die if it happens (survival rate is 35% ... if the victim is treated in three minutes). Even a gentle blow that doesn\'t bruise the skin can trigger commotio cordis\u2014which means every time you get hit in the chest, you\'re playing Russian Roulette. Even worse, it\'s most common in teenage boys, usually while playing sports...\n Allergies. Nuts, animals, shellfish, bananas...in the case of peanut allergies, some cases are so severe that people could be in serious danger just by being in the same room as peanuts.\n Some people suffer from Aquagenic Urticaria (water allergy). That\'s right, there\'s people who were unfortunate enough to be born allergic to a substance they can\'t live without. Any moisture build up on their skin aggravates the condition, so they must carry umbrellas with them at all times, avoid heavy clothing/exercise to prevent sweating and prefer to remain indoors in well ventilated surroundings. For all their precautions, though, they still have to wash themselves with water regularly.\n There\'s a lot of stuff that can incapacitate a human. Tickling is a lot of peoples\' weaknesses and a lot of people have a sound that \'goes through them\' like the sound of plastic folders being rubbed or nails on a blackboard.\n The right pattern of flashing lights can cause nausea in any human, people with epilepsy simply have a more severe reaction. This has since been weaponized And now you can build your own.\n The skins of land snails and slugs are water permeable, and as such, are extremely vulnerable to fatally drying out. It\'s also why they\'re limited to dark, moist environments. Salt kills land snails and slugs by screwing up their osmotic balance, in that the salt speeds up the drying process by pulling the water inside of their cells and internal organs out.\n Giraffes can easily suffer fatal neck and head injuries just from falling over. Don\'t believe it? Just imagine the whiplash with a neck that long... This is true of most large animals\u2014the bigger you are, the worse falling over is for you. That\'s why, for example, elephants keep at least 3 legs on the ground when running (rearing up on their hind legs, as is sometimes seen in circuses, is not a natural behavior). Gravity is a bitch.\n Most electronic devices can be damaged irreparably by brief contact with water.\n It isn\'t the water that kills it. All electronics are only good up to a certain voltage or current. Go beyond the specification of a given part for either and it goes boom. Water simply provides a method of short circuiting the gadget, thus bringing the current over what the electronic likes, usually. If you dunked a cellphone (without the battery) in water and let it dry for a day or two, it could still operate. Wouldn\'t recommend you try it though.\n In fact, the best way to clean your keyboard if it can take the abuse? Run it through the dishwasher.\n When an electric device has become wet it can be dried quicker by first dunking it in another fluid (that may or may not be able to shortcircuit the electronics by conducting electricity itself) with a lower boiling point. This fluid will replace most of the water in the device and afterwards evaporate quicker, leaving the device dry and ready to use sooner.\n Static electricity can do this as well if you touch electronic components directly while carrying a charge in your body. Your desktop can be murdered by your carpet.\n Modern electronics are often powered by Lithium-Ion batteries because of their high charge speed, stable voltage and limited charge decay. Problem is that lithium catches fire in contact with water. A damaged battery must be discarded immediately. This is applicable for electric cars as well - battery fire has destroyed a fair deal of vehicles that way.\n Aircraft that employ stealth technologies can very easily lose their stealthiness to the most mundane of things.\n The F-22 "Raptor" is one of the most advanced stealth fighters in the world. Yet the radar-absorbent coating can be easily damaged by water, significantly increasing its visibility to radar.\n The F-117 Nighthawk, the world\'s first stealth fighter, had a radar-absorbent coating that would be ruined by just leaving fingerprints.\n Some people with PTSD have triggers of the Nightmare Retardant variety that, out of context, seem laughable to those who aren\'t triggered by them, but remind them in some way of their traumatic experience and can trigger anything from an uncomfortable sensation to a full-blown flashback of the event. To make things worse, people with this kind of trigger will sometimes experience belittlement if they dare to disclose it.\n Worse is the way Kryptonite Is Everywhere; people could understand if a loud bang causes someone who\'d been in a war zone to flash back to a bomb strike, but what if a certain enemy vehicle sounded a lot like a certain civilian one, or someone was holding a cup of McDonald\'s coffee just before the worst attack they\'d lived through? Suddenly a car in need of a tune-up or a cup of coffee on a table is Kryptonite to a Colonel Badass who eats nails for breakfast. One could also easily imagine a person who has suffered abuse needing to, say, not watch Law & Order: Special Victims Unit if they\'d been molested. But some could watch it all day, and then the mailman comes by wearing the same brand and color of shoes their abuser preferred.\n Diabetics have sugar. Too much AND too little.\n Albinos have sunlight.\n A couple of other disorders too, including xeroderma pigmentosum.\n The RIAA came up with a brilliant new method for encrypting data on CDs, which works fine on PC computers, but not on Macintoshes. It can be negated by drawing a circle on the CD with permanent marker.\n Optical discs themselves (especially those which have two shiny sides) have a Weaksauce Weakness - simple tape. If one pastes tape or a label on the front of some discs, then decides to remove the tape or label, the adhesive peels off the data-containing foil layer, rendering the disc unusable. This is because the disc has almost nothing between the foil and the label side of the disc. The fact that the disc is shiny on the label side as well as the data side shows that the disc has no protective label printed onto it, only a thin layer of plastic that is easily removed. In fact, any optical disc is much more likely to be ruined from the label side than the data side because of the thinness of that side, even with a factory-printed label.\n Phobias in general can be like this for those who suffer from them; they cause crippling, irrational panic at the slightest indication of the feared objects. Worse, being irrational after all, the object doesn\'t even have to be objectively frightening. Most of us can probably understand why people would be afraid of spiders, or snakes, or heights, but imagine having a phobia of flowers, buttons, or peanut butter? (Imagine it too hard and you\'ll get phobophobia...)\n Laser weapons that are starting to be used by the US military can be thwarted by such phenomena as dust, sand, bad weather, clouds, smoke, steam, etc. As Stephen Colbert put it, it\'s a good thing they\'re not planning on using it in regions that have above-mentioned problems, or if Iran develops sand technology.\n People can pass out by locking their knees for too long. This isn\'t normally a problem, but people who have to stand still for long periods of time, such as people in the army, marching band, or choir, have to make sure to bend their knees occasionally.\n Animals with strong clamping muscles, such as crocodiles or lobsters, tend to have weak muscles for opening. Their main weapon, whether it\'s a mouth or a claw, can be rendered useless by a rubber band.\n Elephants are afraid of mice. At least in cartoons. The scientific jury is still undecided whether this has a sound real-life basis or whether it is just an Urban Legend.\n Mythbusters tested it and found it confirmed: elephants will actively avoid mice if at all possible. Though it\'s not specifically mice so much as it is wariness at something smaller than an elephant\'s poor eyesight can reliably identify, to them it could be a snake or something else potentially threatening.\n Tin foil can easily destroy a microwave oven.\n Microwaves can interfere with Wi-Fi signals.\n\n\n', u'imagelink': u'http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/weaksauce-weakness_captain-enviro_3760.png', u'doctype': u'trope', u'links': [{u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/EighthMan', u'titleofwork': u'8th Man'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/JoJosBizarreAdventure', u'titleofwork': u"JoJo's Bizarre Adventure"}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/Slayers', u'titleofwork': u'Slayers'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/OnePiece', u'titleofwork': u'One Piece'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/ReadOrDie', u'titleofwork': u'Read or Dream'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/Macross', u'titleofwork': u'Macross'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/SuperDimensionFortressMacross', u'titleofwork': u'Super Dimension Fortress Macross'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/Macross7', u'titleofwork': u'Macross 7'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/RosarioToVampire', u'titleofwork': u'Rosario + Vampire'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/RanmaOneHalf', u'titleofwork': u'Ranma \xbd'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/CromartieHighSchool', u'titleofwork': u'Cromartie High School'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FairyTail', u'titleofwork': u'Fairy Tail'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Bleach', u'titleofwork': u'Bleach'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FullmetalAlchemist', u'titleofwork': u'Fullmetal Alchemist'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Naruto', u'titleofwork': u'Naruto'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Needless', u'titleofwork': u'NEEDLESS'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/KirbyRightBackAtYa', u'titleofwork': u'Kirby: Right Back at Ya!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/TengenToppaGurrenLagann', u'titleofwork': u'Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/MyriadColorsPhantomWorld', u'titleofwork': u'Myriad Colors Phantom World'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/AhMyGoddess', u'titleofwork': u'Ah! My Goddess'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/DragonBall', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Ball'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FukashigiPhilia', u'titleofwork': u'Fukashigi Philia'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/KenichiTheMightiestDisciple', u'titleofwork': u'Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Kinnikuman', u'titleofwork': u'Kinnikuman'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/HumanityHasDeclined', u'titleofwork': u'Humanity Has Declined'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/AngelBeats', u'titleofwork': u'Angel Beats!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/AxisPowersHetalia', u'titleofwork': u'Axis Powers Hetalia'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/GourmetGirlGraffiti', u'titleofwork': u'Gourmet Girl Graffiti'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/CowboyBebop', u'titleofwork': u'Cowboy Bebop'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/KobayashisanChiNoMaidDragon', u'titleofwork': u'Kobayashisan Chi No Maid Dragon'}, {u'genre': u'Comedy', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/JeffDunham', u'titleofwork': u'Jeff Dunham'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/GreenLantern', u'titleofwork': u'Green Lantern'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/FrankMiller', u'titleofwork': u'Frank Miller'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/JusticeLeague', u'titleofwork': u'Justice League'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/JusticeLeague', u'titleofwork': u'Justice League'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/TheSilverAgeOfComicBooks', u'titleofwork': u'The Silver Age of Comic Books'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/KingdomCome', u'titleofwork': u'Kingdom Come'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/SwampThing', u'titleofwork': u'Swamp Thing'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/TheSilverAgeOfComicBooks', u'titleofwork': u'The Silver Age of Comic Books'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/BatmanTheBraveAndTheBold', u'titleofwork': u'Batman: The Brave and the Bold'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Daredevil', u'titleofwork': u'Daredevil'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Aquaman', u'titleofwork': u'Aquaman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Aquaman', u'titleofwork': u'Aquaman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/PowerGirl', u'titleofwork': u'Power Girl'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Empowered', u'titleofwork': u'Empowered'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/TheDCU', u'titleofwork': u'The DCU'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/LegionOfSuper-Heroes', u'titleofwork': u'Brainiac 5'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/MartianManhunter', u'titleofwork': u'Martian Manhunter'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/XMen', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheMightyThor', u'titleofwork': u'Thor'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/TheUltimates', u'titleofwork': u'The Ultimates'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/IronMan', u'titleofwork': u'Iron Man'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/TheBeano', u'titleofwork': u'The Beano'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Funny/SupermanTheAnimatedSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Used hilariously'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/PostCrisis', u'titleofwork': u'Post-Crisis'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Venom', u'titleofwork': u'Venom'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/UltimateMarvel', u'titleofwork': u'Ultimate'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/TheDefenders', u'titleofwork': u'Defender'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/MarvelUniverse', u'titleofwork': u"Marvel's"}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/TheDarkness', u'titleofwork': u'The Darkness'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Static', u'titleofwork': u'Static'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/StaticShock', u'titleofwork': u'cartoon adaptation'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/TheDCU', u'titleofwork': u'The DCU'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SuperFriends', u'titleofwork': u'Super Friends'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/BlackestNight', u'titleofwork': u'Blackest Night'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Hitman', u'titleofwork': u'Hitman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/RedDwarf', u'titleofwork': u'Red Dwarf'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Storm', u'titleofwork': u'Storm'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/TheSword', u'titleofwork': u'The Sword'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/SwampThing', u'titleofwork': u'Swamp Thing'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Shazam', u'titleofwork': u'Shazam'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Superman', u'titleofwork': u'Superman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheUmbrellaAcademy', u'titleofwork': u'The Umbrella Academy'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/WilqSuperbohater', u'titleofwork': u'Wilq'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Transformers', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheTransformers', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers G1 comic'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheTransformersMoreThanMeetsTheEye', u'titleofwork': u'The Transformers: More Than Meets the Eye'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Wolverine', u'titleofwork': u'Wolverine'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Eclipso', u'titleofwork': u'Eclipso'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/YouGotHaruhiRolled', u'titleofwork': u'You Got HaruhiRolled!'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/QueenOfAllOni', u'titleofwork': u'Queen of All Oni'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/ChristianHumberReloaded', u'titleofwork': u'Christian Humber Reloaded'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Discworld', u'titleofwork': u'Discworld'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarWars', u'titleofwork': u'Star Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/MyImmortal', u'titleofwork': u'My Immortal'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/ShinobiOfTheHighSeas', u'titleofwork': u'Shinobi Of The High Seas'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/HopeForTheHeartless', u'titleofwork': u'Hope For The Heartless'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarWars', u'titleofwork': u'Star Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/GroupOfWeirdos', u'titleofwork': u'Group Of Weirdos'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebVideo/YuGiOhTheAbridgedSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Yu-Gi-Oh! The Abridged Series'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebVideo/UltraFastPony', u'titleofwork': u'Ultra Fast Pony'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/YellowSubmarine', u'titleofwork': u'Yellow Submarine'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/Bolt', u'titleofwork': u'Bolt'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Megamind', u'titleofwork': u'Megamind'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheIncredibles', u'titleofwork': u'The Incredibles'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/LiloAndStitch', u'titleofwork': u'Lilo & Stitch'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheKingAndI', u'titleofwork': u'The King and I'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheWizardOfOz', u'titleofwork': u'The Wizard of Oz'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/ANightmareOnElmStreet', u'titleofwork': u'A Nightmare on Elm Street'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Signs', u'titleofwork': u'Signs'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Unbreakable', u'titleofwork': u'Unbreakable'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Signs', u'titleofwork': u'Signs'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/PitchBlack', u'titleofwork': u'Pitch Black'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/AttackOfTheEyeCreatures', u'titleofwork': u'Attack of the Eye Creatures'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheMolePeople', u'titleofwork': u'The Mole People'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheDayOfTheTriffids', u'titleofwork': u'The Day of the Triffids'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/AlienNation', u'titleofwork': u'Alien Nation'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/DisneyChannel', u'titleofwork': u'Disney Channel'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/MarsAttacks', u'titleofwork': u'Mars Attacks!'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/AttackOfTheKillerTomatoes', u'titleofwork': u'Attack of the Killer Tomatoes!'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheMummy1999', u'titleofwork': u'The Mummy (1999)'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/RatPfinkABooBoo', u'titleofwork': u'Rat Pfink A Boo Boo'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/RoboCop1987', u'titleofwork': u'RoboCop (1987)'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Zoolander', u'titleofwork': u'Zoolander'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheSpiderwickChronicles', u'titleofwork': u'The Spiderwick Chronicles'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/MysteryMen', u'titleofwork': u'Mystery Men'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/BattlefieldEarth', u'titleofwork': u'Battlefield Earth'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Sleepwalkers', u'titleofwork': u'Sleepwalkers'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/MadMaxBeyondThunderdome', u'titleofwork': u'Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Troll2', u'titleofwork': u'Troll 2'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ErnestScaredStupid', u'titleofwork': u'Ernest Scared Stupid'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheLairOfTheWhiteWorm', u'titleofwork': u'The Lair of the White Worm'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Hook', u'titleofwork': u'Hook'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/SupermanIVTheQuestForPeace', u'titleofwork': u'Superman IV: The Quest for Peace'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Evolution', u'titleofwork': u'Evolution'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Hancock', u'titleofwork': u'Hancock'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ROTOR', u'titleofwork': u'ROTOR'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TerminatorSalvation', u'titleofwork': u'Terminator Salvation'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Godzilla2014', u'titleofwork': u'Godzilla (2014)'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/LeGendarmeDeSaintTropez', u'titleofwork': u'Le Gendarme et les extra-terrestres'}, {u'genre': u'Gamebooks', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/LoneWolf', u'titleofwork': u'Lone Wolf'}, {u'genre': u'Gamebooks', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ChooseYourOwnAdventure', u'titleofwork': u'Choose Your Own Adventure'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheWonderfulWizardOfOz', u'titleofwork': u'The Wonderful Wizard of Oz'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/LandOfOz', u'titleofwork': u'Oz'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/PvP', u'titleofwork': u'Pv P'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Wicked', u'titleofwork': u'Wicked'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheWonderfulWizardOfOz', u'titleofwork': u'The Wonderful Wizard of Oz'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheWarOfTheWorlds', u'titleofwork': u'The War of the Worlds'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/RayBradbury', u'titleofwork': u'Ray Bradbury'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotter', u'titleofwork': u'Harry Potter'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndThePrisonerOfAzkaban', u'titleofwork': u'Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Diablo', u'titleofwork': u'Sin War'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheRedemptionOfAlthalus', u'titleofwork': u'The Redemption of Althalus'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Discworld', u'titleofwork': u'Discworld'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Discworld/TheScienceOfDiscworld', u'titleofwork': u'The Science of Discworld'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Discworld/CarpeJugulum', u'titleofwork': u'Carpe Jugulum'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ArtemisFowl', u'titleofwork': u'Artemis Fowl'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/HPLovecraft', u'titleofwork': u'HP Lovecraft'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/MichaelVey', u'titleofwork': u'Michael Vey'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Worldwar', u'titleofwork': u'Worldwar'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/LJSmith', u'titleofwork': u"LJ Smith's"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheBible', u'titleofwork': u'The Bible'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/BookOfJudges', u'titleofwork': u'Judges 1:19'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/PeterWatts', u'titleofwork': u'Peter Watts'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CastlevaniaIISimonsQuest', u'titleofwork': u"Simon's Quest"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/FredSaberhagen', u'titleofwork': u'Fred Saberhagen'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheWheelOfTime', u'titleofwork': u'The Wheel of Time'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/NickPerumov', u'titleofwork': u'Nick Perumov'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Bystander', u'titleofwork': u'Bystander'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Goosebumps', u'titleofwork': u'Goosebumps'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/SagaOfRecluce', u'titleofwork': u'Saga of Recluce'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Dracula', u'titleofwork': u'Dracula'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/MercedesLackey', u'titleofwork': u'Mercedes Lackey'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ColdfireTrilogy', u'titleofwork': u'Coldfire Trilogy'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Animorphs', u'titleofwork': u'Animorphs'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/CaptainUnderpants', u'titleofwork': u'Captain Underpants'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/CodexAlera', u'titleofwork': u'Codex Alera'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheDresdenFiles', u'titleofwork': u'The Dresden Files'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheLordOfTheRings', u'titleofwork': u'The Lord of the Rings'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/AnneMcCaffrey', u'titleofwork': u'Anne McCaffrey'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheNameOfTheWind', u'titleofwork': u'The Name of the Wind'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarTrekNovelVerse', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek Novel Verse'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/SecretCity', u'titleofwork': u'Secret City'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/GodEmperorOfDune', u'titleofwork': u'God-Emperor of Dune'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheSagaOfGrettirTheStrong', u'titleofwork': u'The Saga of Grettir the Strong'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheTripods', u'titleofwork': u'The Tripods'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/JulianMay', u'titleofwork': u'Julian May'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheReckonersTrilogy', u'titleofwork': u'The Reckoners Trilogy'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheParasolProtectorate', u'titleofwork': u'The Parasol Protectorate'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/AFantasyAttraction', u'titleofwork': u'A Fantasy Attraction'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/CliveBarker', u'titleofwork': u'Clive Barker'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/SabinaKane', u'titleofwork': u'Sabina Kane'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Zeroes', u'titleofwork': u'Zeroes'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Supernatural', u'titleofwork': u'Supernatural'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/DoctorWho', u'titleofwork': u'Doctor Who'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/NightmareFuel/DoctorWho', u'titleofwork': u'Nightmare Fuel'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Extras', u'titleofwork': u'Extras'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Heroes', u'titleofwork': u'Heroes'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Smallville', u'titleofwork': u'Smallville'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StarTrekTheOriginalSeries', u'titleofwork': u'classic'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StarTrekTheNextGeneration', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek: The Next Generation'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/AllThat', u'titleofwork': u'All That'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/V', u'titleofwork': u'V'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/FirstWave', u'titleofwork': u'First Wave'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/LazyTown', u'titleofwork': u'LazyTown'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BuffyTheVampireSlayer', u'titleofwork': u'Buffy the Vampire Slayer'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/WizardsOfWaverlyPlace', u'titleofwork': u'Wizards of Waverly Place'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Misfits', u'titleofwork': u'Misfits'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/MightyMorphinPowerRangers', u'titleofwork': u"Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers"}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/VRTroopers', u'titleofwork': u'VR Troopers'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Farscape', u'titleofwork': u'Farscape'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/TheTwilightZone', u'titleofwork': u'The Twilight Zone'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/LostGirl', u'titleofwork': u'Lost Girl'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/TokumeiSentaiGobusters', u'titleofwork': u'Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters'}, {u'genre': u'Myths & Religion', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Myth/NorseMythology', u'titleofwork': u'Norse Mythology'}, {u'genre': u'Pinballs', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Pinball/MonsterBash', u'titleofwork': u'Monster Bash'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/HeavyGear', u'titleofwork': u'Heavy Gear'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/HeroSystem', u'titleofwork': u'Hero System'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/GURPS', u'titleofwork': u'GURPS'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/D20Modern', u'titleofwork': u'd20 Modern'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/TheDresdenFiles', u'titleofwork': u'The Dresden Files'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Deadlands', u'titleofwork': u'Deadlands'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/ChangelingTheLost', u'titleofwork': u'Changeling: The Lost'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Rifts', u'titleofwork': u'Rifts'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Champions', u'titleofwork': u'Champions'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/MagicTheGathering', u'titleofwork': u'Magic: The Gathering'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/BleakWorld', u'titleofwork': u'Bleak World'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Munchkin', u'titleofwork': u'Munchkin'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheElderScrollsVSkyrim', u'titleofwork': u'The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Psychonauts', u'titleofwork': u'Psychonauts'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/MegaMan', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Man'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MegaMan2', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Man 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MegaMan3', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Man 3'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MegaManX1', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Man X'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MegaMan5', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Man 5'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/StreetFighterXMegaMan', u'titleofwork': u'Street Fighter X Mega Man'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MegaMari', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Mari'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Pokemon', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/PokemonGoldAndSilver', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon Gold and Silver'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Disgaea', u'titleofwork': u'Disgaea'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/EliteBeatAgents', u'titleofwork': u'Elite Beat Agents'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/SonicTheHedgehog', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/FinalFantasy', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyV', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy V'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyVI', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy VI'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyX', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy X'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyTactics', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy Tactics'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyMysticQuest', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy Mystic Quest'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyXIII2', u'titleofwork': u'both'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MOTHER', u'titleofwork': u'MOTHER'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/EarthBound', u'titleofwork': u'EarthBound'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MOTHER3', u'titleofwork': u'MOTHER 3'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/BaldursGateII', u'titleofwork': u"Baldur's Gate II"}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/InFamous', u'titleofwork': u'inFAMOUS'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Prototype', u'titleofwork': u'[PROTOTYPE]'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Okami', u'titleofwork': u'\u014ckami'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DevilSurvivor', u'titleofwork': u'Devil Survivor'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TalesOfPhantasia', u'titleofwork': u'Tales of Phantasia'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Castlevania', u'titleofwork': u'Castlevania'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CastlevaniaIISimonsQuest', u'titleofwork': u" Castlevania II: Simon's Quest"}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CastlevaniaPortraitOfRuin', u'titleofwork': u'Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/ResidentEvil', u'titleofwork': u'Resident Evil'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ResidentEvil4', u'titleofwork': u'Resident Evil 4'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DiabloII', u'titleofwork': u'Diablo II'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/PennyArcadeAdventures', u'titleofwork': u'Penny Arcade Adventures'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/XCom', u'titleofwork': u'X-COM'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheSecretOfMonkeyIsland', u'titleofwork': u'The Secret of Monkey Island'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/NellyCootalot', u'titleofwork': u'Nelly Cootalot'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Kirby', u'titleofwork': u'Kirby'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Halo', u'titleofwork': u'Halo'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/HaloWars', u'titleofwork': u'Halo Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ShinMegamiTenseiStrangeJourney', u'titleofwork': u'Shin Megami Tensei: Strange Journey'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TalesOfSymphonia', u'titleofwork': u'Tales of Symphonia'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CaptainNovolin', u'titleofwork': u'Captain Novolin'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/PaperMarioTheThousandYearDoor', u'titleofwork': u'Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SimCity', u'titleofwork': u'SimCity'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Touhou', u'titleofwork': u'Touhou'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheLegendOfZeldaALinkToThePast', u'titleofwork': u'The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Minecraft', u'titleofwork': u'Minecraft'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WorldOfWarcraft', u'titleofwork': u'World of Warcraft'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SuperRobotWarsZ', u'titleofwork': u'Super Robot Wars Z'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/AssassinsCreedRevelations', u'titleofwork': u"Assassin's Creed Revelations"}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Portal', u'titleofwork': u'Portal'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DarkSouls', u'titleofwork': u'Dark Souls'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheTwistedTalesOfSpikeMcFang', u'titleofwork': u'The Twisted Tales of Spike McFang'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/LegacyOfKain', u'titleofwork': u'Legacy of Kain'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MinotoSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Monkey and Secret Army 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheBizarreAdventuresOfWoodruffAndTheSchnibble', u'titleofwork': u'The Bizarre Adventures Of Woodruff And The Schnibble'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/WarThunder', u'titleofwork': u'War Thunder'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Splatoon', u'titleofwork': u'Splatoon'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/JudgeDreddDreddVsDeath', u'titleofwork': u'Judge Dredd: Dredd vs Death'}, {u'genre': u'Web Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebAnimation/Eddsworld', u'titleofwork': u'Eddsworld'}, {u'genre': u'Web Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebAnimation/ASDFMovie', u'titleofwork': u'ASDF Movie'}, {u'genre': u'Web Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebAnimation/Tonin', u'titleofwork': u'Tonin'}, {u'genre': u'Web Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebAnimation/XIN', u'titleofwork': u'XIN'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/CheshireCrossing', u'titleofwork': u'Cheshire Crossing'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheWizardOfOz', u'titleofwork': u'The Wizard of Oz'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Namesake', u'titleofwork': u'Namesake'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Goats', u'titleofwork': u'Goats'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/BobTheAngryFlower', u'titleofwork': u'Bob the Angry Flower'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/TalesOfTheQuestor', u'titleofwork': u'Tales of the Questor'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/BobAndGeorge', u'titleofwork': u'Bob and George'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Goblins', u'titleofwork': u'Goblins'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/SequentialArt', u'titleofwork': u'Sequential Art'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/SluggyFreelance', u'titleofwork': u'Sluggy Freelance'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/AGirlAndHerFed', u'titleofwork': u'A Girl and Her Fed'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/CharbyTheVampirate', u'titleofwork': u'Charby the Vampirate'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/DeadWinter', u'titleofwork': u'Dead Winter'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/AxeCop', u'titleofwork': u'Axe Cop'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/GrrlPower', u'titleofwork': u'Grrl Power'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/GunnerkriggCourt', u'titleofwork': u'Gunnerkrigg Court'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/RustyAndCo', u'titleofwork': u'Rusty and Co'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Eldritch', u'titleofwork': u'Eldritch'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Nodwick', u'titleofwork': u'Nodwick'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/ElGoonishShive', u'titleofwork': u'El Goonish Shive'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/DNA', u'titleofwork': u'DNA'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/WhateleyUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Whateley Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Roleplay/GlobalGuardiansPBEMUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Global Guardians PBEM Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ThePentagonWar', u'titleofwork': u'The Pentagon War'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebOriginal/WalkingCityOCT', u'titleofwork': u'Walking City OCT'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/InvaderZim', u'titleofwork': u'Invader Zim'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/CaptainPlanetAndThePlaneteers', u'titleofwork': u'Captain Planet'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/MarvelComics', u'titleofwork': u'Marvel Comics'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/YinYangYo', u'titleofwork': u'Yin Yang Yo!'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Birdman', u'titleofwork': u'Birdman'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Ben10', u'titleofwork': u'Ben 10'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SushiPack', u'titleofwork': u'Sushi Pack'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/WordGirl', u'titleofwork': u'WordGirl'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Futurama', u'titleofwork': u'Futurama'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheWizardOfOz', u'titleofwork': u'"Who would have thought a small amount of liquid would ever splash on meeeee!?"'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MartinMystery', u'titleofwork': u'Martin Mystery'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/ThePowerpuffGirls', u'titleofwork': u'The Powerpuff Girls'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Gargoyles', u'titleofwork': u'Gargoyles'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MyLifeAsATeenageRobot', u'titleofwork': u'My Life as a Teenage Robot'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TeenageMutantNinjaTurtles2003', u'titleofwork': u'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Fast Forward'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheBOTSMaster', u'titleofwork': u'The BOTS Master'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/KimPossible', u'titleofwork': u'Kim Possible'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/KimPossibleMovieSoTheDrama', u'titleofwork': u'So The Drama'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/DarkwingDuck', u'titleofwork': u'Darkwing Duck'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheFairlyOddParents', u'titleofwork': u'The Fairly OddParents'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SpongeBobSquarePants', u'titleofwork': u'SpongeBob SquarePants'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/CodenameKidsNextDoor', u'titleofwork': u'Codename: Kids Next Door'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/DannyPhantom', u'titleofwork': u'Danny Phantom'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Hero108', u'titleofwork': u'Hero 108'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/CatDog', u'titleofwork': u'CatDog'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/BureauOfAlienDetectors', u'titleofwork': u'Bureau of Alien Detectors'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/JimmyTwoShoes', u'titleofwork': u'Jimmy Two-Shoes'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/GodTheDevilAndBob', u'titleofwork': u'God, the Devil and Bob'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Ben10UltimateAlien', u'titleofwork': u'Ben 10: Ultimate Alien'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/JusticeLeague', u'titleofwork': u'Justice League'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/LucyTheDaughterOfTheDevil', u'titleofwork': u'Lucy, the Daughter of the Devil'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MrBogus', u'titleofwork': u'Mr Bogus'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/LooneyTunes', u'titleofwork': u'Looney Tunes'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SheZow', u'titleofwork': u'SheZow'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/BatmanBeyond', u'titleofwork': u'Batman Beyond'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheTransformers', u'titleofwork': u'The Transformers'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Talespin', u'titleofwork': u'Talespin'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Freakazoid', u'titleofwork': u'Freakazoid!'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/AvatarTheLastAirbender', u'titleofwork': u'Avatar: The Last Airbender'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/JackieChanAdventures', u'titleofwork': u'Jackie Chan Adventures'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/Trigger', u'titleofwork': u'triggers'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/StephenColbert', u'titleofwork': u'Stephen Colbert'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Mythbusters', u'titleofwork': u'Mythbusters'}], u'title': u'Weaksauce Weakness - TV Tropes'}, u'_index': u'tropes_and_media'}, {u'_score': 0.07652294, u'_type': u'item', u'_id': u'21000', u'_source': {u'text': u'\n\n\nThe Assimilator is terrifying because of its virus-like ability to absorb people\'s body and mind into itself, creating a threat that can spread faster than a Zombie Apocalypse. However, The Assimilator\'s voracious and indiscriminate appetite may lead to it eating someone who proves Too Spicy for Yog Sothoth. To keep the food metaphor, this person may well cause severe indigestion as they fight from the inside and take control back from the Assimilator, even to the point of usurping the title of Hive Queen.\nAlternately, if You Are Who You Eat lets the Power Parasite steal another\'s powers (or even just regular Power Copying or cloning), then their theft may go horribly right when their Weaksauce Weakness is also stolen and allows enemies an easy way to defeat it. To make matters worse, the Assimilator probably has no idea it inherited the weakness or how to minimize it or stop it being exploited.\nBoth types aren\'t limited to just beings. Certain inanimate objects, such as glass, can be absorbed to still apply for this trope.\nCompare No Sell, where the attempted assimilation just plain fails, and Feed It a Bomb, where a bomb is absorbed. A kind of Phlebotinum Rebel. This could also be said to be what happens when you fail to hijack Cthulhu.\nSpoilers ahead!\n\nExamples:\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0open/close all folders\xa0 \n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Anime and Manga\xa0\n In A Certain Magical Index, Rensa is a cyborg who can copy esper powers, including those of the Level 5\'s. When she encounters Touma, she realizes that his right arm has a power (Imagine Breaker) that she doesn\'t, so after analyzing it, she tries to use it herself. Her arm explodes.\n In Baccano!, Szilard Quates makes his eternal living devouring the memories and abilities of other immortals who oppose his plan to share immortality with the world (Trust us, it\'s not as noble a goal as it seems.). However, being an immortal himself, he ends up falling victim to this by Firo Prochainezo once he and a large group of others drink the immortality elixir (believed to be liquor by Isaac and Miria). This helps in not only stopping Szilard\'s run of taking other immortals\' lives, but also gives Firo the knowledge on how to stop Ennis from dying, as Szilard had the ability to mentally control her state of physical health.\n Subverted in Bleach, the Vandenreich develops a method to steal Bankais. But Urahara develops a method to temporarily hollowfy Shinigami souls, so the Quincies get poisoned and the Bankais come back to their owners. Unfortunately, the Bankais were Power Limiters to the Quincies, preventing them to activate Quincy Vollst\xe4nding. Now the stolen Bankais are back, the Sternenritters can fight the Shinigamis with their full power.\n In Devil Man, any human who retains his/her reason can reverse Demonic Possession, granting them access to the demon\'s powers. The main character pulled this off on Amon, one of Hell\'s most powerful residents.\n Dragon Ball Z:\n Super Buu tries to absorb Vegetto, but the absorption fails and Vegetto (now split into Vegeta and Goku) releases all the victims Buu had absorbed previously.\n While Kid Buu absorbing the Southern Supreme Kai made him more powerful, turning him from Kid Buu into Buff Buu, his absorption of the Grand Supreme Kai turned him into Fat Buu. This made him less dangerous because he was something other than pure evil (having received the innocence of the Grand Supreme Kai), thus he doesn\'t immediately kill as many people as possible and pulls a Heel\x96Face Turn before his evil half (aptly but not very creatively named Evil Buu) takes back over.\n Evil Buu\'s absorption of the good Buu comes back to bite the resulting Super Buu several times, as the good Buu\'s memories of his friendship with Mr. Satan prevent Super Buu from killing his former friend, and he is convinced to wait for Goten and Trunks to prepare for their fight with him when asked to do so by Mr. Satan\'s daughter Videl.\n Two examples from the Budokai video game series; in the first Budokai game, there\'s a What-If scenario where Cell accidentally absorbs Krillin instead of Android 18, leading to a severely weakened Cell being defeated by Yamcha and Tien. In the second Budokai game, Buu\'s absorption move randomly selects a character to absorb out of Gohan, Gotenks, Vegeta, Cell, Frieza, or Yamcha and Tien together. While the other absorptions make Buu stronger, the last one makes him weaker.\n Contemplated in the fight against Buu, where Goku wondered if he should fuse with Mr. Satan. He decides it would probably make him weaker.\n Implied at the end of FLCL. After  Naota and Canti are assimilated into the Medica Mechanica device to iron out the planet, they soon break out again.... taking Atomsk with them, then promptly wreck the weapon.\n Fullmetal Alchemist:\n After Pride absorbs Kimblee, he is finally defeated by Ed Elric due to Kimblee weakening him from the inside.\n At the end of the series, the Big Bad Father absorbs his Anti-Hero homunculus Greed, and his Ultimate Shield power with it. Having been previously defeated by Edward Elric, who figured out his extreme defensive abilities are merely carbon-based, Greed decides to turn his powers the other direction and turn Father\'s body into pathetic frail graphite, allowing the heroes to K.O. Father for good.\n An omake portrayed an alternate version of Pride absorbing Gluttony, where doing so made Pride chubby and ridiculous-looking.\n Naruto: When Orochimaru tried to steal Sasuke\'s body, Sasuke reversed the process and absorbed him instead.\n Also, there\'s always the threat that the Tailed Beasts can take control of their hosts and go on a rampage. But a strong enough host can instead summon their power at will, and an even better host can make friends with their beast.\n In InuYasha, this is how Moryomaru and the Infant are defeated by Naraku. Generally speaking, doing this to Naraku\'s never a good idea.\n The antagonists of Part II of Jojos Bizarre Adventure, the Pillarmen, are vampiric superhumans who feed by absorbing others. The first Pillarman Santana tries this on Joseph Joestar after he thinks he knocked the latter unconscious (rendering his Ripple useless). Joseph wasn\'t unconscious and immediately let off a Ripple inside Santana\'s body, tearing him in half.\n Occurs in a weird way in Rebuild of Evangelion, as Zeruel  eats Rei\'s EVA (with Rei still inside it) to assimilate it and get around the self-destruct mechanism NERV set up in case an angel got to Central Dogma. This turns out to be the last mistake Zeruel makes, not because Rei breaks out herself, but because Shinji tears it into tiny pieces to get her back.\n Rosario + Vampire: When Doppelg\xe4nger copies a person, he gets all their powers... and their weaknesses. He\'s defeated when he copies Moka, only for Tsukune to slap the rosary on him, weakening him enough for them to defeat.\n After obtaining hir final power-up from Medusa and going completely off-board, Soul Eater\'s Crona attempts to devour Asura, the Kishin. It appears to work until Maka manages to knock Crona mentally off-balance, at which point Asura turns the tables on Crona and assimilates hir from the inside, morphing Crona\'s body back into his own shape in front of Maka\'s eyes. Even later on though, this back-backfires on Asura, because Crona being inside let hir reach BREW and the Book of Eibon, which Asura also swallowed, and used them to seal Asura away again.\n YuYu Hakusho: When Sensui Seven member Gourmet eats Elder Toguro to get his powers, Elder Toguro ends up taking over his body later.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Comic Books\xa0\n In the Marvel universe, being able to assimilate the properties of whatever he touches is both the strength and a weakness of Absorbing Man. For example, he can absorb steel to become nigh invulnerable. On the other hand, he has to be careful. For example in one issue of The Hulk he was falling to his death when a building collapsed while fighting the eponymous character. To save himself he grabbed the first thing that he could... which happened to be a piece of glass.\n A heroic example happens in Gloom Cookie, when Chrys devours the monster under Sebastian\'s bed, to protect him. The monster continues to live on inside of her, driving her to bring men home and eat them (as it had done to all the girls Sebastian brought home), until she figured out what was going on and vomited it back up.\n After Eddie Brock busted out of prison, his symbiote left behind a spawn which bonded with his cellmate, Cletus Kasady. Cletus\' psyche seemed to have completely dominated the newborn symbiote\'s, as he refers to himself as "I" instead of using the Royal "We" like most symbiote/host unions do.\n Superman villain Parasite is a power thief who also gains the victim\'s weaknesses. This means whenever he steals Superman\'s powerset, Superman can actually beat him by using kryptonite.\n Meanwhile, in one time where Superman had to fight Dracula, he was bitten... only for Dracula to immediately turn to ash, as Superman is a walking solar battery.\n Even though Rogue of the X-Men is not an assimilator proper, her absorption power has often enough resulted in assimilation backfire, e. g. absorbing a particularly strong personality may result in her control of her own body to the persona she absorbed. This happened with Spiral, for instance. She also sometimes had to struggle for control of her own body with some other personalities she absorbed, especially with that of Ms. Marvel. Some powers, such as Cyclops\' Eye Beams, are also harder to control than others.\n Galactus had a bad time trying to devour Wraithworld. The foulness of the planet that spawned the Dire Wraiths was so awful that even Galactus\' feared appetite couldn\'t stomach it.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Films \u2014 Animated\xa0\n In Wreck-It Ralph, the main villains include Cy-bugs, which take on the features of whatever they eat.\n A Cybug eats King Candy, who is assimilated a little too well and becomes said Cy-bug\'s primary consciousness. Which later goes less well for King Candy, as he also inherited the cy-bug\'s weakness: an unstoppable need to fly towards anything that looks like the game-over beacon from their home game, in this case, a volcanic eruption.\n The Cy-bugs from Hero\'s Duty are metallic from eating the metal environment around them. When they were in Sugar Rush, they ate and became the candy from the game, making it easier for Ralph to simply smash them. Except for one Cy-Bug who became Nigh Invulnerable by eating a jaw-breaker.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Films \u2014 Live-Action\xa0\n In the climax of Forbidden World, the crew attempt to defeat the alien invader by feeding it the cancer that another crew member was dying from.\n In Ghost Rider, Blackheart No Sells Blaze\'s Penance Stare power the first time it\'s used on him since he doesn\'t have a soul. When he draws the trapped souls of San Venganza into his body in a bid to increase his power, Blaze realizes that he\'s made himself vulnerable to the stare and uses it to destroy him.\n In The Matrix Revolutions, Agent Smith assimilates The Oracle, which appears to backfire in some way (since she knew he was coming). It backfires because, as she explained to Neo, "We can\'t see past the choices we don\'t understand." Smith could see that Neo would die, but not the reason he sacrificed himself. At the end, Neo\'s assimilation gives Smith a direct link back to the machines, allowing them to purge the rogue AI.\n This is how Freddy Krueger dies in the fifth installment of A Nightmare on Elm Street. He\'s absorbed the souls of three of Alice\'s friends, and a vision of his mother spurs them on to tear him apart from the inside.\n A delayed version in Star Trek: First Contact. Picard was assimilated and then later freed from the Borg Collective during the TV Series. This initially benefited the Borg, as they now have in-depth knowledge of Starfleet\'s tactics and technology, making an already formidable force stronger. However, in the movie, it is shown that Captain Picard also retained his in-depth knowledge of the Borg\'s behavior, tactics, technology, and weaknesses, and uses it to soundly defeat them several times. It didn\'t help them that the horrifying experience of assimilation made it personal for him and drove him to seek their destruction at all costs.\n In Terminator 2: Judgment Day, the T-1000 assumes the form of a police officer to aid in finding John Connor. This works remarkably well early on as it ensures the full co-operation of many people in tracking him down. This backfires when he confronts one of John\'s street-punk friends, and rather predictably the friend denies any knowledge of him and then immediately warns John that a cop is looking for him. John flees and it\'s these precious seconds that allow the rest of the film to happen. If John and his friend weren\'t Delinquents, the disguise would have worked perfectly and John would\'ve been killed.\n In The Thing (1982), the Thing\'s assimilation and imitation of Vance Norris is so good that it even copied his bad heart. Thing!Norris has a heart attack during a stressful situation, leading to the doctor\'s attempts to resuscitate "him" with an electrical defibrillator. The Thing is forced to attack the doctor and expose itself to stop the painful electrical shocks.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Fan Fiction\xa0\n In a Star Trek/Doctor Who/My Little Pony crossover fanfic titled "My Little Enterprise", the Doctor resolved the whole plot by going back in time to the destruction of his homeworld and impersonating the leader, tricking the Borg Celestia into having him assimilated, which allowed him to disrupt her during the final confrontation.\n During the Final Battle of the Pony POV Series Chaos Verse, Nightmare Phobia absorbs Discord and Fluttercruel in order to feed off their Chaos energy. However, this allows them to attack her from the inside, severely weakening her.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Literature\xa0\n Animorphs: By morphing a Howler, a race of Psychopathic Manchildren with a species-wide Hive Mind (anything one sees, all of them know), Jake manages to implant the memory of his and Cassie\'s First Kiss. Because of the Howlers\' Blue and Orange Morality, the concept of love is completely alien to them, and now that they\'ve been exposed to it, they don\'t want to fight the protagonists. The Elllimist tells him that the next time they\'re deployed, they\'ll try this novel tactic, which will ensure that they will never be used as shock troops again.\n In the Discworld novel Carpe Jugulum, the Magpyrs suck Granny Weatherwax\'s blood and attempt to turn her. She survives the experience without becoming a vampire; the Magpyrs aren\'t so lucky, however, as feeding on Granny Weatherwax has allowed her to turn them. By the end, they\'re craving tea instead of blood and even talking like her.\n In The Dresden Files, when the Red Court took Susan into their midst, it proved to be an interesting setback in "Changes", when Harry causes a powerful death spell meant for him to genocide the entire Red Court, by backfiring the spell using Susan as a willing conduit.\n Less by design, but the Corpsetaker gets burned by this in Ghost Story. She was in the middle of performing a Grand Theft Me, and the victim was fighting back. Then Morty the ectomancer shows up with a horde of wraiths. If the Corpsetaker had taken anyone else, she would have won. But it was her victim\'s ability to hold onto her that allowed Morty to give her the bum rush to Hell.\n In Cold Days, we find when Harry became the Winter Knight, his power is now directly linked to Queen Mab. Butters comments this grants that person a unique vulnerability to Harry, although the events of the book heavily imply that was precisely the desired goal, for Harry to act as an independent check and failsafe.\n In Life, the Universe and Everything, The Krikkiters find Marvin the depressed robot on Sqornshellous Zeta, and capture him, thinking that his massive intellect will be an asset to them. They plug him into their war computer, allowing him to plan their entire military strategy. But any AI that comes in contact with Marvin\'s mind becomes as depressed as he is (he had previously driven a spaceship and a bridge to suicide), and the Krikkit-bots wind up doing nothing but sulking.\n Star Trek: Destiny reveals that this is why The Borg Collective is evil. They assimilated something they shouldn\'t have and became slaves to a mindless all-consuming hunger as a result.\n In Madeline Ashby\'s vN the protagonist, a self-replicating android who discovers that her series can absorb core programming from other androids by eating them, ends up on the assimilating side of this when she eats her Ax-Crazy grandmother and has to share her head with psycho-granny\'s personality.  In the end, she gets eaten by a tentacled monster that developed from a Hive Mind of networked androids that got stuck on the sea floor, and takes control of it.\n In the Sabina Kane series a vampire who feeds on a drug addict can end up with the same addiction. Although Sabina considers the occasional pothead a fun snack.\n The Martians in The War of the Worlds drink human blood, both as a form of sustenance and in an attempt to assimilate certain biological factors that will allow them to adapt to Earth\'s atmosphere more quickly. It doesn\'t end well for them.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Live-Action TV\xa0\n Doctor Who:\n In the Christmas special "The Next Doctor", the Cybermen attempt to upgrade Miss Hartigan, but she\'s so strong-willed that she not only survives the process with her mind intact but manages to rewrite the Cybermen\'s programming.\n In the "Daleks In Manhattan" two-parter, in an experiment designed to save the Daleks from extinction, Dalek Sec absorbs human DNA and mutates itself into a human/Dalek hybrid. The new hybrid-Sec finds himself developing human values and emotions, which eventually causes the other Daleks to execute him in disgust.\n In "Smith and Jones", an alien drinks human blood so the Judoon would think she is a human when bio-scanned. The Doctor tricks her into drinking his blood, so she still looks like an alien through the bio-scanner.\n In "Asylum of the Daleks", Oswin Oswald is physically converted into a Dalek, but fights off the associated mental conditioning. It ends up with the Daleks losing all knowledge of the Doctor.\n Zigzagged in Lexx episode "The Giga Shadow", where the cleric Yottskry, in an attempt to halt the Divine Shadow\'s rebirth, is instead possessed by the Divine Shadow and assimilated into the Divine Shadow\'s ultimate vessel, the Giga Shadow. When the Divine Shadow attempts to be reborn, it is Yottskry who musters the mental strength to stave off the Divine Shadow\'s attacks against Kai (who is crawling around inside the Giga Shadow) and help direct him to the central brain so he could put the Divine Shadow to rest. Ultimately, Yottskry is overpowered by the Divine Shadow and assimilated completely, and Kai is ejected from the Giga Shadow. All turns out well, however, when Squish, a baby cluster lizard, navigates to and consumes the Giga Shadow\'s brains, its favorite delicacy.\n In the Hyperdrive episode "Harvest", the Brilliant, but Lazy Jeffers is temporarily assimilated by the Red, Shiny Robots of Vortis. After the crew escape and sabotage the robot ship, none of the robots can be bothered to repair it.\n Star Trek: Voyager:\n The series eventually lampshaded the Kazons\' Too Dumb to Live tendencies by having Seven of Nine remark that assimilating them would weaken the Borg Collective.\n In the series finale, "Endgame", Admiral Janeway infects herself with a bioweapon before meeting the Borg Queen. When the Queen assimilates her, it infects that entire collective.\n Icheb was also intended to be one of these, but it ended up only disabling the ship that assimilated him. The rest of the collective was spared.\n Castiel absorbed all the souls of Purgatory in the season 6 finale of Supernatural. Unfortunately, included in those souls were not just human souls, but those of Leviathans.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Tabletop Games\xa0\n Vampire: The Masquerade has the art of diablerie, where one vampire can drink out another vampire\'s blood, and then their soul, gaining all of their powers. However, if the consumed vampire is of particularly strong mind and will, then said vampire just gets a new meat body.  In the end game to the line, it\'s revealed this happened in slow-motion after the traitorous Tremere diablerized Saulot to gain his power, with Tremere\'s soul eventually kicked out of his body and having to find new accommodations.\n Warhammer 40,000: A background character is Ax\'Senaea the Thrice-Possessed, a woman who, as the name suggests, was possessed three times by daemons. But while even throwing off a single daemon is cause enough for celebration, she did so willingly, her Awesome Ego convincing her she could reverse the possession by sheer willpower in order to extend her lifespan and beauty. After summoning and successfully consuming a Keeper of Secrets, a Greater Daemon of Slaanesh, she realized it wasn\'t enough. So she did it again with an equally powerful daemon. And again with another. She was about to go for a fourth when Slaanesh hirself appeared and elevated her to Daemon Princesshood, allowing her to keep the daemons trapped inside her as punishment for being defeated by a mortal.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Toys\xa0\n BIONICLE:\n Vakama and Onewa managed to defeat a Tunneler, a Rahi which had the ability to take on the form of any force directed at it, by combining their Elemental Powers to transform it into brittle glass.\n In the Kingdom Alternate Dimension, Teridax is killed after he absorbs Matoro, who fights back successfully due to Teridax\'s weakened will due to his plan\'s failure in that dimension.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Video Games\xa0\n Implied to the be the fate of all Blue Mages in Final Fantasy XI. The Blue Mage absorbs the powers of their victims, but gradually the absorbed beings take over, and turn them into a monster. This never happens to the player character, of course.\n In the Mass Effect setting the quarians\' immune systems evolved to assimilate microbes rather than fight them, since Rannoch had none that were harmful. This is the main reason they wear those suits all the time, as foreign microbes don\'t share Rannochian microbes\' friendliness.\n In Neverwinter Nights 2, if One of Many is in your party when you meet the dead god Myrkul, they\'ll ask you if they can eat Myrkul. Given that unlike the Knight-Captain\'s Spirit-Eater curse, One of Many adds consumed souls to its collective, Myrkul will take over, resulting in a Bonus Boss.\n In Osmos the assimilation of other cells is the goal, but it is governed by the laws of osmosis (or at least some version of it). As such, an attempt to consume a cell even slightly bigger than your own will backfire and result in your cell absorbed.\n In Resident Evil 6  Derek Simmons\'s final giant insect form is practically immortal: whenever a limb is blown off, it will simply grab a nearby zombie, dismantle and absorb it and rebuild the limb. However, when attempting to heal its head, it grabs a zombie impaled on a lightning rod, which gets embedded in its eye and causes  Simmons to get struck by lightning.\n Kingdom of Loathing had this as the plot of their holiday event one year. When a Borg expy lands in the kingdom and starts assimilating people, they absorb the local Bad Santa "Uncle Crimbo", whose magical power is greatest during the holiday season. As a result, they become the Crimborg. Still a hivemind bent on mass assimilation, but with a festive flair.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Visual Novels\xa0\n In Fate/stay night, a mysterious entity known only as "the Shadow" appears in the Heaven\'s Feel route and displays the ability to absorb Servants. When it tries this on Gilgamesh, though, Gil is so powerful and "pure" that the Shadow is unable to subsume him, and is almost destroyed itself. It settles for eating him instead.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Original\xa0\n In the SF Debris review of "Unimatrix Zero", the Borg Queen begins to blow up her own ships, in an insanely ineffective way to stop Janeway. Chuck is of the opinion that Janeway, who he interprets as a sociopath, is taking over the Borg.\n Borg Queen: "Destroying my own people to further my own ends? I have no idea where this thought came from."\n Janeway: "Your mistake was assimilating me!"\n Jade in "Tennyo Goes to Hell" of the Whateley Universe. She\'s already a shapeshifter (sort of) who has the power to integrate her own memories (it\'s complicated), so when she gets attacked by an unstoppable Eldritch Abomination, she ends up with the power set of a shoggoth, making her the most terrifying thing in their reality.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Webcomics\xa0\n The Borg Expy in an early Sluggy Freelance strip run into this problem after assimilating Riff and Torg. "Since you have come among us, all we have done is drink fermented hops beverages and ogle scantily clad females. This has seriously jeopardized our goal of the all-collective. We\'ve never had to do this before... We are kicking you out."\n Done again with Dr. Crabtree, the Nanite Queen, who can assimilate people\'s knowledge by eating their brains...but gets infected with Sam Sein\'s stupidity when she tries it on him, and when she eats Christmas Elves\' brains she starts unconsciously frolicking everywhere while singing "lolly la!"\n In Bad Machinery\'s "The Case of the Unwelcome Visitor", an Eldritch Abomination that eats hope makes the (fatal) mistake of consuming the ghost of Todd Baxter, the most miserable rock star in history. (As a bonus, Baxter finally gets to feel happiness, and cross over.)\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Western Animation\xa0\n In The Avengers: Earth\'s Mightiest Heroes!, the Absorbing Man takes on the properties of Mjolnir. Too bad one of those properties is being subject to the mental control of Thor.\n Ben 10: Omniverse: In "Showdown Part 2", Malware manages to absorb Ben as Waybig into himself. Inside, Ben has a flashback and finally forgives himself for losing Feedback, resulting in him reobtaining and transforming into Feedback to escape from Malware from the inside. Malware was doubly surprised for Ben escaping and doing it as Feedback, the alien he had destroyed in the past.\n Malware\'s past attempt to absorb the Omnitrix backfired when the angry Ben released the Omnitrix\'s vast power inside Malware, causing him to explode.\n Happened to a brain-eating alien on The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy, when it was dumb enough to consume Mandy\'s brain.\n Happens again in the Crossover with Codename: Kids Next Door when Mandy allows herself to become one with the Delightful Reaper and becomes the dominate face as a result.\n During Amazo\'s first appearance on Justice League, he copies the powers of all the League\'s members while fighting them. Superman turns out to be a subversion; Amazo does inherit his weakness to kryptonite, much like Parasite above, but surpasses it shortly afterward. Played straight when the Martian Manhunter submits at the end, as Amazo gains his telepathy, uses it to discover that Lex Luthor has been deceiving him, and basically calls off the conflict.\n Samurai Jack saw Jack pitted against Demongo, a high-ranking minion of Aku who had absorbed the souls of every warrior he defeated; when Jack defeated one, it retreated as a wisp into Demongo\'s vest of skulls, where he could re-summon it immediately. Just before he was overpowered, Jack had the bright idea of hitching a ride on one of the souls, where he freed them all from Demongo\'s spell and left the now-powerless demon to be curbstomped by his vengeful enemies.\n In the last episode of The Secret Saturdays, V.V. Argost has assimilated the Kur powers from Zak\'s Evil Twin from an anti-matter Mirror Universe, and then does the same to Zak himself to become even more powerful. But what Argost didn\'t realize (but Zak did) was what happens when matter and anti-matter combine, and Argost obliterates himself instead.\n One episode of South Park has Cartman\'s super high-tech Trapper Keeper begin assimilating all technology (beginning with a calculator, then a computer, then a lamp, then Cartman). "Trapper Keeper ready to ensorb." Eventually it goes on a rampage and heads for Cheyenne Mountain to ensorb the NORAD command center there, but on the way it eats Rosie O\'Donnell, weakening it enough for Kyle to turn it off.\n In the \'Neogenic Nightmare\' arc of Spider-Man: The Animated Series, Spider-Man is attacked by the Vulture, a villain who uses advanced technology to steal vitality from others. Unfortunately for the Vulture, the mutation that gives Spider-Man his powers is particularly unstable at the time of the attack, and he absorbs some of Spider-Man\'s DNA, causing him to mutate into a monstrous man/spider hybrid.\n Static Shock: The metahuman Power Parasite Leech was defeated with water after he absorbed Static\'s powers.\n In Superman: The Animated Series, Parasite agrees to help authorities find a bomb left by another villain by using his powers to access the other guy\'s memories. Instead, the other guy somehow manages to take temporary control of Parasite. In his previous appearance, the Parasite was defeated when he grabbed a chunk of raw Kryptonite while Superman wore his Kryptonite-Proof Suit for the first time.\n Young Justice had an appearance of Parasite, who was defeated when he stole Miss Martian\'s powers without realizing they came with a weakness to fire, which the heroes exploit.\n That\'s how the Parasite is generally defeated. When he takes on a hero\'s powers, he takes on their weaknesses - which the hero knows inside and out and the Parasite often doesn\'t. A little fire/Kryptonite/yellow/expiration of the time limit, and he\'s back to the Cardboard Prison.\n Darkwing Duck has one episode where Negaduck absorbs all of the other main villains powers. While Megavolt, Liquidator, and Bushroot all give him considerable elemental powers, absorbing Quackerjack just causes him to laugh at random. While this isn\'t directly harmful, it really annoys Negaduck.\n\n\n', u'imagelink': u'', u'doctype': u'trope', u'links': [{u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/ACertainMagicalIndex', u'titleofwork': u'A Certain Magical Index'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/Baccano', u'titleofwork': u'Baccano!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Bleach', u'titleofwork': u'Bleach'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/DevilMan', u'titleofwork': u'Devil Man'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/DragonBallZ', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Ball Z'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DragonBallZBudokai', u'titleofwork': u'Budokai'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DragonBallZBudokai', u'titleofwork': u'Budokai'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/FLCL', u'titleofwork': u'FLCL'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FullmetalAlchemist', u'titleofwork': u'Fullmetal Alchemist'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Naruto', u'titleofwork': u'Naruto'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/InuYasha', u'titleofwork': u'InuYasha'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/JojosBizarreAdventure', u'titleofwork': u'Jojos Bizarre Adventure'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/RebuildOfEvangelion', u'titleofwork': u'Rebuild of Evangelion'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/RosarioToVampire', u'titleofwork': u'Rosario + Vampire'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/SoulEater', u'titleofwork': u'Soul Eater'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/YuYuHakusho', u'titleofwork': u'YuYu Hakusho'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/GloomCookie', u'titleofwork': u'Gloom Cookie'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Venom', u'titleofwork': u'Eddie Brock'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Superman', u'titleofwork': u'Superman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/X-Men', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Galactus', u'titleofwork': u'Galactus'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/WreckItRalph', u'titleofwork': u'Wreck-It Ralph'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ForbiddenWorld', u'titleofwork': u'Forbidden World'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/GhostRider', u'titleofwork': u'Ghost Rider'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheMatrixRevolutions', u'titleofwork': u'The Matrix Revolutions'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ANightmareOnElmStreet5TheDreamChild', u'titleofwork': u'fifth installment'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/StarTrekFirstContact', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek: First Contact'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Terminator2JudgmentDay', u'titleofwork': u'Terminator 2: Judgment Day'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheThing1982', u'titleofwork': u'The Thing (1982)'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarTrek', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Animorphs', u'titleofwork': u'Animorphs'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Discworld', u'titleofwork': u'Discworld'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheDresdenFiles', u'titleofwork': u'The Dresden Files'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ColdDays', u'titleofwork': u'Cold Days'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/LifeTheUniverseAndEverything', u'titleofwork': u'Life, the Universe and Everything'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/StarTrekDestiny', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek: Destiny'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/VN', u'titleofwork': u'vN'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/SabinaKane', u'titleofwork': u'Sabina Kane'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheWarOfTheWorlds', u'titleofwork': u'The War of the Worlds'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/DoctorWho', u'titleofwork': u'Doctor Who'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/DoctorWhoS30E14TheNextDoctor', u'titleofwork': u'"The Next Doctor"'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/DoctorWhoS29E4DaleksInManhattan', u'titleofwork': u'"Daleks In Manhattan"'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/DoctorWhoS29E1SmithAndJones', u'titleofwork': u'"Smith and Jones"'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/DoctorWhoS33E1AsylumOfTheDaleks', u'titleofwork': u'"Asylum of the Daleks"'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Lexx', u'titleofwork': u'Lexx'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Hyperdrive', u'titleofwork': u'Hyperdrive'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StarTrekVoyager', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek: Voyager'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Supernatural', u'titleofwork': u'Supernatural'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/VampireTheMasquerade', u'titleofwork': u'Vampire: The Masquerade'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Warhammer40000', u'titleofwork': u'Warhammer 40,000'}, {u'genre': u'Toys', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/BIONICLE', u'titleofwork': u'BIONICLE'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/MassEffect', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/NeverwinterNights2', u'titleofwork': u'Neverwinter Nights 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Osmos', u'titleofwork': u'Osmos'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ResidentEvil6', u'titleofwork': u'Resident Evil 6'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/KingdomOfLoathing', u'titleofwork': u'Kingdom of Loathing'}, {u'genre': u'Visual Novels', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VisualNovel/FateStayNight', u'titleofwork': u'Fate/stay night'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Website/SFDebris', u'titleofwork': u'SF Debris'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/SluggyFreelance', u'titleofwork': u'Sluggy Freelance'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/BadMachinery', u'titleofwork': u'Bad Machinery'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheAvengersEarthsMightiestHeroes', u'titleofwork': u"The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes!"}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Ben10Omniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Ben 10: Omniverse'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheGrimAdventuresOfBillyAndMandy', u'titleofwork': u'The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/JusticeLeague', u'titleofwork': u'Justice League'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SamuraiJack', u'titleofwork': u'Samurai Jack'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheSecretSaturdays', u'titleofwork': u'The Secret Saturdays'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SouthPark', u'titleofwork': u'South Park'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SpiderManTheAnimatedSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Spider-Man: The Animated Series'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/StaticShock', u'titleofwork': u'Static Shock'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SupermanTheAnimatedSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Superman: The Animated Series'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/YoungJustice', u'titleofwork': u'Young Justice'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/DarkwingDuck', u'titleofwork': u'Darkwing Duck'}], u'title': u'Assimilation Backfire - TV Tropes'}, u'_index': u'tropes_and_media'}, {u'_score': 0.064414315, u'_type': u'item', u'_id': u'48872', u'_source': {u'text': u'\n\n\n\n\nHollywood, take notes.\nA very exotic device or problem, against which all manner of intricate, powerful devices or strategies fail, is counteracted by something incredibly simple and mundane. It can\'t be solved by their conventional solutions of More Dakka, Attack! Attack! Attack!, diplomacy, or other Rule of Cool applications. Applied Phlebotinum, it seems, often turns out to have a weakness to some household product.\nSupernatural beings in both Eastern and Western mythology have a tendency for strange weaknesses, like a demon\'s obsessive-compulsive need to count dropped grains of rice or a vampire\'s vulnerability to garlic and sunlight.\nCan be preceded by someone Stating the Simple Solution, followed by a Face Palm and/or a Glad I Thought of It moment.\nCompare Cutting the Knot. Contrast with Mundane Utility, where something exotic is used to solve something mundane, and Weaksauce Weakness, where a no less powerful individual gets strange weaknesses or power. Related to Muggles Do It Better.\n\n\n Let\'s be absolutely sure the example you\'re about to post isn\'t actually a Weaksauce Weakness, please.\n\nExamples:\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0open/close all folders\xa0 \n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Anime and Manga \xa0\n In one of the episodes of the anime Birdy the Mighty, the space-babe informs the hero that the slime based shapeshifting horror can only be hurt by a chemical weapon, specifically a surfactant. The hero promptly runs home and grabs a bottle of dishsoap.\n This is a common plot device in Haruhi Suzumiya, where Kyon repeatedly saves the world by doing very mundane things, like kissing Haruhi, convincing her to put a disclaimer at the end of her movie saying that all of the characters and events are fictional, or inviting the gang over to his house to do their summer homework.\n The Mahou Sensei Negima! manga has a flashback showing the epic battle between Nagi (The Thousand Master) and Evangeline (an incredibly Little Miss Badass and vampire), who are two of the most powerful mages alive. After some suitably epic banter between the opponents, Nagi ends the battle before it even begins by catching Eva in a pit trap filled with onions and garlic. Game over.\n Not to mention Chao\'s "secret weapon," which she didn\'t use in first place because she was afraid of the damage it could cause\u2014a copy of her family tree. Against her ancestor\'s Unwanted Harem.\n A Certain Magical Index:\n A powerful fire mage is stopped by... a sprinkler system. At first, he scoffs at the lead for thinking that his fire summon could be put out with just a little water, and he\'s right about that\u2014the real point was for the water to blur out the printed runes that were continuously allowing his fire to regenerate after being destroyed. With that ability disabled, the rest is easy. He learns from this: Next time he uses laminated rune cards.\n GREMLIN\'s response to Touma\'s Anti-Magic that\'s been kicking the ass of every mage he goes up against: They bring guns. Nothing supernatural about guns, so Touma\'s Anti-Magic doesn\'t do anything against them, and without it he\'s just an ordinary guy.\n This is why most of the cast of Fate/Zero hates Emiya Kiritsugu. Mages are typically very good at magical combat, but inexperienced in things like C-4 and sniper rifles. And that\'s before they discover the hard way that he also uses Origin Bullets as more or less the ultimate form of Anti-Magic at his disposal when the circumstances dictate soexplanation\xa0They\'re "simply" bullets that each contain a tiny portion of powderized bone made from two of his ribs, which imparts them with the mystical nature of his Origin \u2014 namely, to "sever" and then "bind" things in an imperfect manner. Applying the effect to a simple metal wire merely causes a reduction in its effectiveness as a wire; applying it to a mage\'s magical circuits, however, causes downright catastrophic consequences, as the circuits are completely ruined beyond any hope of repair, and the mage\'s body itself suffers massive, fatal damage from the backlash, with lots of extreme hemorrhaging and seizures..\n The Protodeviln of Macross 7 can only be harmed by The Power of Rock. One of their number, Gabil, gets a brainwave on how to deal with this: earplugs. This actually works for a while, but the humans just make their songs louder. Gabil then installs a noise canceller in his mech, which proves much more effective.\n In the Mega Man NT Warrior anime, the heroes get tricked into using a battlechip that corrupts Roll and turns her against MegaMan. After some time struggling to hold her off their resident chip expert comes around asking what the commotion is about. When they ask what to do next, he just calmly says to put in any new battle chip and the corrupt one will pop out just like any other.\n Yusuke of YuYu Hakusho is able to beat a demon using Botan as a Human Shield by simply telling her to simply raise her arms, which made her slip out of the jacket the demon was holding her by and giving Yusuke an opening.\n Subverted in Neon Genesis Evangelion: The bridge crew attempt to turn the Magi system off during Iruel\'s (a nano-virus-like angel) invasion of it. Iruel deactivates the command option before they attempt it. To solve the problem mundanely from there, they would need to physically destroy the computer - not a good option, considering the Magi controls all of NERV\'s operations, and the only person smart enough to reconstruct it is dead.\n The Paper Sisters in R.O.D the TV at one point go up against a villain who uses sound waves to disrupt their Paper Master powers. Anita\'s solution? Throw a book at him. A normal, unpowered, really heavy book. It hits him in the face and knocks him right out.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Comic Books \xa0\n Superman shuts down Livewire by simply getting her wet enough so she ends up short-circuiting herself. Then there\'s the rubber suit he put on to prevent her from zapping him and Parasite from leeching his powers for a two-for-one deal.\n Livewire: Ooo, the Boy Scout brought protection!\n In The Sandman: Endless Nights, the people in a castle bar Death from entering their home with a magic gate, rendering themselves immortal as long as they stay inside. After trying for about two hundred years to get in, Death (who is an attractive Perky Goth) asks an off-duty soldier for help. Not knowing who she is, but smitten and eager to impress the pretty girl asking him for help, he tears down the gate with brute force.\n The Transformers Generation 1 comic had Scraplets - a sort of contagious "flesh-eating disease" which affects transformers. It was inevitably fatal, as well as completely uncurable, apart from some apocryphal records of a substance so rare that its very existance was doubted. Standard procedure for dealing with it was total quarantine followed by destroying the infected individuals. Oh, that nigh-mythical, incredibly rare cure?  Water. Of course that cure only got the Scraplets off the infected, then shooting at it worked pretty well.\n That said,  water is not something that Mechanical Lifeforms from a planet that\'s almost entirely made of metal would have lying around in abundance, and on a Doylist level, we thought it was much less common at the time of writing.\n In the Transformers Animated comics, a villain successfully keeps Bumblebee in his vehicle mode by applying wheel boots.\n There\'s a The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck comic where villainess Magica DeSpell sprays Scrooge with a potion that causes his face to change to the face of whoever he looks at. Eventually Scrooge and company find that the solution is to simply wash the potion off with soap and water.\n In Joker/Mask (a crossover of Batman with The Mask), The Joker is going on a rampage with the eponymous artifact, until Poison Ivy takes control of him with a pheromone spray to the face and forces him to do acts of Eco-terrorism instead. Lt. Kellaway convinces her that it would be better to seize the mask for herself rather than control its wearer. She orders Joker to remove it...but this frees him long enough to eliminate the spray with a simple squirt of water and re-don the mask.\n Later on Kellaway disarms a nuclear bomb by simply unplugging it.\n In Albedo: Erma Felna EDF, a city is threatened with a nuclear bomb with anti-tampering functions installed to prevent defusing it. With no time for a better solution, Erma suggests a better idea: shoot it with a carefully aimed rocket launcher and hose it down with fire foam regardless of what happens next to destroy the bomb\'s mechanism without detonating it. It works.\n The 1978 Hanna-Barbera/Marvel special Laff-A-Lympics: The Man Who Stole Thursdays dealt with Dynomutt\'s arch-foe, Mr. Mastermind, using a super-computer to eliminate Thursdays from the timeline. Captain Caveman defeats Mastermind by simply unplugging the super-computer.\n From a Blue Beetle comic, in a showdown with a highly advanced alien race:\nNegotiator: Reyes! You could not possibly have co-ordinated with this "Bat-Man"! We monitored every electronic frequency, every bandwidth you could use to reach him!\nBlue Beetle: I know. Scarab told me. That\'s why I sent a letter.\nNegotiator: A...letter?\nBlue Beetle: Pen. Paper. Loooooow-tech.\n In an Iron Man story, Tony Stark successfully managed to wipe the knowledge of his being Iron Man from the brain of every person and every electronic database on Earth. Only in a subsequent encounter with Doctor Doom, he finds out Doom still remembers. When demanding to know what techno-wizardry Doom used to thwart him, Doom simply shows him the handwritten note with the information on it.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Fan Works\xa0\n In I Am What I Am, Kakistos and his minions (who ordinarily require invitation to enter someone\'s home) enter Xander and Faith\'s apartment by bribing the landlord to give them a tour of the building.\n In the Buffy the Vampire Slayer/Vampire Hunter D crossover A Hunter\'s Tale, the Scoobies stop the Judge from being assembled by sealing a couple of it\'s pieces in concrete, inscribing the containers with holy symbols, and dropping them in the ocean. They later do the same with Acathla.\n In Sight Ukitake has been suffering from his illness for centuries with nothing from Soul Society able to cure it. With some medical knowledge, Ichigo is able to narrow down Ukitake\'s illness to being either pneumonia, tuberculosis or lung cancer and recommends him to get some modern medical treatment at the Kurosaki clinic.\n In A Teacher\'s Glory, Orochimaru flees before the Reaper death Seal is used, leaving behind the resurrected First and Second Hokages with orders to continue fighting until they kill the Third. How do some ANBU and a genin get rid of them? With kinjutsu? With demonic chakra? With some complicated seal? They use the Academy-level Transformation technique to make it look like the Third Hokage is dead, allowing the First and Second to return to their rest.\n In Xendra, the titular character suggests dealing with Acathla permanently by using power tools to cut off the portion of the sword sticking out of it\'s body. That way, no one can ever remove the sword and unseal it again.\n To get around the vampire need to be invited into her own house, Buffy in Buffy: The Vampire: Awakenings pretends she lost her key and asks her mother if Xander and Willow can stay the night, causing Joyce to invite them (and her) inside.\n There\'s a Fullmetal Alchemist fan fic wherein a Kimblee-possessing-Havoc\'s-body stabs Mustang, rips off his gloves before he can use them, and leaves him on the floor to bleed out, casually mentioning that he\'s going to kill Hawkeye next. Robbed of alchemy, the injured Mustang simply pulls out his gun and shoots Kimblee in the legs. The gunfire immediately attracts attention, whereupon Kimblee is arrested and Mustang is taken to the hospital. The rest of the story is more about figuring out how to fix Havoc and Ishbal flashbacks.\n In Living History there\'s a huge mystery about a "yellow arrow that screams" that will lead a group of time travelers to a magic grail they need to fight a horrible evil in their timeline. It\'s Xander who realizes that it\'s a book with a "screaming yellow" cover, specifically a book of maps. The time travelers are disappointed but Xander thinks it\'s hilarious.\n Apparently, Xander and Giles prevented Buffy from walking to her death and freeing The Master in Builders by shooting her with a tranquilizer and hauling her away. Since The Master could only escape in a very short time frame, he fails to leave before the barrier locking him away is renewed.\n According to CC in Second Time\'s the Charm, what Lelouch thought to be special Geass canceling contacts were ordinary contact lenses.\n In Dust in the Night Xander suggests making capturing a Wraith easier by cutting off it\'s hands or covering them in super glue; either way would prevent it from feeding permanently or temporarily.\n One Buffy the Vampire Slayer story, Xander escapes from a magic circle written in chalk by peeing on it, erasing part of the circle and negating it\'s power.\n In Raptor Harry Potter keeps Voldemort from stealing the Philosopher\'s Stone by telling the Head Girl that the Weasley twins plan to let Fluffy out for some exercise. While the teachers refused to believe someone was going to steal the Stone, they easily believed the twins might pull a prank involving a cerberus and laid in wait for them.\n The following year he prevents the Chamber of Secrets fiasco on accident when he\'s the one to get Riddle\'s diary. When it replies to him, Harry mails it to Arthur Weasley with a note about it, ending the whole thing before it started.\n While the other professors are frustrated by Hermione\'s insistence on turning in essays at least twice as long as necessary in Princess Of The Blacks, Professor Sinestra reveals she got Hermione to stop by threatening to give any such essays an automatic zero.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Film\xa0\n In the first Saw film, two detectives manage to catch Jigsaw in his hideout. Jigsaw activates one of his traps to distract them so he can escape. The trap involves two drills closing in on some poor bastard\'s head, and the key needed to free him was on a janitor-sized key ring with dozens of others. After a few seconds of trial and error with the keys, one of the detectives gives up and shoots both of the drills to deactivate them.\n In Thomas and the Magic Railroad, Mr. Conductor scares off the evil Diesel by threatening him with... sugar. Pouring sugar into a diesel\'s gas tank will cause it to mix with the gas inside, eventually causing the diesel to explode.\n In Executive Decision, a bomb is "defused" by the simple expedient of thrusting a plastic swizzle-stick between two electrical contacts, thus preventing the detonator from firing.\n In Raiders of the Lost Ark, upon meeting the expert swordsman about to cut him to ribbons, Indiana Jones simply draws a gun and shoots him. Harrison Ford was ill due to the previous night\'s dinner disagreeing with him, so the planned action scene was abbreviated into a quick joke.\n The Prestige centers on the rivalry between two magicians, who each perform the show-stopping trick of transporting themselves across the stage. One of them gets Nikola Tesla to build him a machine that creates a clone on the other side of the theatre and drowns the original, the other simply steps into a cabinet on one end of the stage, while his secret twin brother hides in the other.\n Beware! Children at Play ends with all the adults just ganging up on the feral children and massacring them, primarily via shooting.\n In Casper, the bully ghosts are sucked up by a vacuum cleaner.\n James Bond:\n In Casino Royale (2006), Bond chases a crook who uses acrobatic Le Parkour to navigate obstacles quickly. Bond doesn\'t have these kinds of skills, so he uses ingeniously mundane solutions, such as simply smashing through a wall instead of bounding over it.\n In Goldfinger, Bond is shackled to an atomic bomb that is counting down. With no time or skills to disarm it, he\'s about to start yanking wires \u2014 when someone comes in and flips the "Off" switch.\n Johnny English Reborn parodies the classic spy film on foot chase scene with this (and is quite reminiscent of the Casino Royale (2006) scene mentioned above). While the Vortex agent uses quick parkour movements and dramatic acrobatics to escape, English non-chalantly uses the stairs, elevator, shimmies through a gap on a roof and opens a fence door that the agent leaped over to keep up, and catches him in the end. This is thanks to Johnny\'s training in the mountains, which taught him to seek a more direct path.\n In I, Robot, when the protagonists are trying to open a compartment to destroy the Big Bad. The Big Bad locks the compartment with a code. The smart chick tries to break the code... while Will Smith\'s character just punches the console, preferring Percussive Maintenance to complex code-breaking.\n The Avengers (2012):\n After the Helicarrier is damaged by an explosion, Nick Fury orders the helmsman to steer them south and get them over water before they lose another engine. When the helmsman tells him that the explosion knocked out their navigation system and they\'re attempting to reboot it, Fury asks him if the sun is coming up. The helmsman hesitantly responds that it is, so Fury tells him, "Then put it on the LEFT!"\n Steve mocks Tony about he\'s not the sort of man to lie down on a wire so his fellow soldier can get over it. Tony says that he\'d rather just cut the wire.\n In Captain America: The First Avenger, the drill sergeant announces that the first person to bring him the flag will get a ride back to base. All the men try to climb the flag pole and all fail. This is when the drill sergeant says that no one has gotten that flag in 17 years. While he calls everyone to fall back into formation, Rogers walks up to the flag pole and proceeds to pull the cotter pin, pull the main pin, and let the pole fall down to ground level. Rogers then retrieves the flag and hands it to the drill sergeant.\n Terminator 2: Judgment Day:\n You can hotwire a car - or just check to see if the key is in the vanity mirror.\n The Terminator components that need to be destroyed are in sealed containers. The head scientist is about to tell John how to open the containers when John simply smashes them on the ground and retrieves the components.\n In Die Hard with a Vengeance, like the Terminator example above, Zeus could hotwire the car since as an electrician he knows how - or just stick his pocketknife in the ignition and turn.\n In Under Siege 2: Dark Territory, Dane gloats that the hero has no chance of being able to break his "encrypted programming" and this is the only way to turn his system off. Turns out that just shooting Dane\'s laptop worked fine, too.\n In X-Men: Days of Future Past, they need to find Quicksilver fast, but Charles makes it clear that Cerebro is out of the question. So they use a phonebook instead.\n In the Australian comedy The Dish, the crew of the Australian radio telescope which is supposed to relay the footage from Apollo 11 around the world accidentally loses track of the ship. After hours of panicked mathematical computations, the crew realizes that all they have to do is point the dish at the Moon.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Literature\xa0\n In the Night Watch series, the oldest and most powerful Others (usually wizards) have been extremely powerful and nigh-omniscient for centuries. As a result, they often don\'t bother to keep up to date with modern (or any) technology. In one book, a team of wizards is tracking a vampire, and need to find out when the train he\'s on will leave the station. An elder wizard goes into a prophetic trance, reads the probability lines, and finds the correct time. That takes about five seconds longer than it took his subordinate to read the train schedule on the wall.\n In Dragon Bones, the heroes have to fight a mystical creature, a basilisk, and outsmart it by  Ward blindfolding himself to avoid its gaze and distracting it, while Oreg uses magic to subdue it - they could kill it, but think it\'s too rare and beautiful to just kill it. Wizards and magical runes failed to have the desired effect. Oreg points out that the monster would, if they didn\'t take care of it, just die in the cold, as it is not used to the climate where it is at the moment. Nothing is magical enough to not be affected by a really cold winter.\n Very common in the Discworld novels, especially where the witches are concerned. The primary example would be Magrat\'s magic wand in Witches Abroad: Magrat has a great many ceremonial athames, covered in filigre and runes and whatnot. Eventually she learns that the most magical knife is the reeeeelly old breadknife that not only can perform all the magical rituals the athame can, but also cut bread.\n In the early Rincewind book Sourcery, Tyke Bomb Coin, the eighth son of a wizard and thus a Sourcerer (a wizard squared, and the reason wizards aren\'t allowed to get any) not only wields unstoppable magical power greater than anyone else alive but causes a huge rush of magical power to every other wizard on the Disc. Result: impending replay of the hugely destructive Mage Wars. How does Rincewind, self-professed Dirty Coward and the worst wizard in the world, if not ever, handle this?  He takes the kid on with a half-brick in a sock. It\'s so patently ridiculous that Coin, for the first time ever, ignores his psychotic late father\'s order to kill the potential threat, because Rincewind looks so utterly harmless and funny to Coin. The giggles stop when Rinso makes his Tear Jerker Heroic Sacrifice at the very end to save Coin from the monsters the boy had attracted from the Dungeon Dimension... still with half-brick sock in hand.\n It\'s mentioned repeatedly throughout the books that being being a wizard or being a witch is all about not using magic even though you could and instead relying on mundane solutions, because the magical solution will eventually come with a price tag, and it\'ll be a bill you can\'t afford to pay. In Lords and Ladies Granny Weatherwax and Nanny Ogg demonstrate \u2014 some young wannabe witches come to challenge them, and Granny says they could demonstrate their knowledge of Witchcraft by knocking her hat off her head. After a few fruitless minutes, Granny they tells Nanny to demonstrate \u2014 and she does, by tossing a stick. When the young witches protest that anyone could do that, Granny says, "Yes, but the point is, you didn\'t."\n Granny doesn\'t always get it right; in Wyrd Sisters, she uses her most powerful Headology on the Duchess to make her see herself the way she really is, and is shocked when it has no effect. At which point Nanny Ogg hits the Duchess over the head with a cauldron. And in Lords and Ladies, she spends some time Borrowing to find out what\'s been happening while they were away, and learns that a group of girls are going up to the Dancers. Nanny, meanwhile, has learnt exactly who they are by just asking her son what\'s going on.\n Who needs stakes, garlic, and other elaborate and exotic methods to dispose of a vampire, when you\'ve got  a nigh-unstoppable tomcat who eats anything furry, bats included?\n Carrot\'s sword is utterly mundane and absolutely magic free, which makes is a rarity on the disc. It\'s also very, very good at cutting things.\n Mustrum Ridcully\'s policy on magic staves : if it\'s immune to a few good whacks from six feet of solid oak there\'s a good chance it\'s immune to fireballs as well.\n In Maskerade, throughout the book, Granny Weatherwax asks various people, \'If your house was on fire, what\'s the first thing you\'d take out of it?\' She uses this to psychologically profile them: one person, for example, responds with, \'Who started the fire?\', with which she\'s able to deduce that he\'s a cop. Walter, the Cloud Cuckoolander, gives a simpler - and patently correct - answer:  He\'d take out the fire.\n In Moving Pictures, Victor needs to eliminate a Dungeon Thing that is manifesting through a movie screen. He ties it up with film strip, then (since magical attacks would only make it stronger) opts to set it on (mundane) fire.\n In a case similar to the Wicked Witch of the West, in Patricia C. Wrede\'s Enchanted Forest Chronicles, wizards can be dissolved by soapy lemon water. It is found out that lemon juice is a necessary ingredient. (The wizards do come back eventually, though.) It turns out, however, that magically created soapy lemon water works just as well, so by the end of the series the protagonists have what amounts to an instant wizard-melting spell.\n In a climactic battle in Calling on Dragons, the wizard Antorell manages to escape from the magician Telemain by throwing his sword at him. Telemain doesn\'t block it because he assumes anything a wizard throws at him would be magical. What he doesn\'t know is that Antorell is a terrible wizard and couldn\'t throw a potent spell if his life depended on it.\n At one point in Loyal Enemies, our heroes encounter a gate made of compressed snow that they don\'t know how to open. Veres tries to be tricky and while he\'s experimenting, Darkness proposes that he\'ll just fly over the gate and ask somebody on the other side to open. Subverted when he doesn\'t manage to take off, but double subverted when he accidentally shoots fire at the gate. And... well, let\'s repeat it: it\'s made of compressed snow.\n As they\'re leaving, Veres asks an elf what was the correct way to open the gate, and you know what? You have to knock on the door.\n In Raymond E. Feist\'s The King\'s Buccaneer, Nakor and Anthony confront the Lady Clovis, a very powerful sorceress. Nakor tricks her into erecting very powerful anti-magic defenses, at which point he defeats her by throwing pepper at her then hitting her with a bag of apples.\n Elsewhere in The Riftwar Cycle, Nakor has an empty bag that he can always pull an orange (or sometimes an apple) out of, thanks to a magical rift leading to a merchant\'s produce warehouse. In Into a Dark Realm, he goes to a place where his magic cannot possibly work and pulls yet another orange out of the bag, through the simple expedient of having stuffed the bag full of oranges before he left.\n Four words from science fiction author Larry Niven: "A knife always works".\n The Dresden Files:\n Harry Dresden frequently runs into foes who are resistant to his magic. One confrontation with a spell-proof ogre is resolved when Murphy cripples the orge with a chainsaw and Harry drenches the ogre in gasoline and ignites it. Harry is also one of the few White Council wizards willing to use firearms and frequently uses his staff or blasting rod as a cudgel.\n This was established as a key part of Harry\'s character as early as the second book, Fool Moon, when he\'d run himself out of magic thanks to imprudent use of magical amphetamines, and still had a rather pissed-off lycanthrope alpha male to deal with... so he pulled a .38 revolver and shot the guy in the knee. It didn\'t really work all that well, seeing as lycanthropes have a Healing Factor to rival Wolverine\'s, but it sure wiped the smug grin off the son of a bitch\'s face for a while.\n Speaking of Harry, special mention should go to how he handles a cult of practitioners who keep harassing him in the short story Side Jobs. Their leader challenges him to a magical duel, but Harry doesn\'t even bother. He just scares them off by pointing his gun at them instead.\n In fact, mundane weaponry is the accepted way for wizards to kill if it ever must come to that, as killing humans with magic carries not just the obvious moral and legal ramifications but also corrupts the soul. The Council\'s enforcers carry big ol\' swords for this reason. And Harry in specific is already on thin ice with the Council thanks to killing his Evil Mentor with magic when he was a teenager; the fact that it was self-defense doesn\'t soften their opinion of him.\n A major lesson that Harry often reiterates (especially to his apprentice, Molly) is that knowledge and basic common sense are a lot more important than magic. For instance, on one occasion when Molly suggests using a tracking spell, Harry points out that a simple phone call would work just as well.\n In Turn Coat, Morgan talks about how he once had to take on a skinwalker, an incredibly powerful demigod horror with a hefty resistance to magic. He knew he\'d get pounded in a straight fight (not everyone can be Injun Joe, after all), so instead he lured it into following him to the middle of nowhere in Nevada. Specifically, a nuclear testing ground. He stepped into a portal to the Nevernever just as the bomb went off. Morgan 1, Eldritch Abomination From the Dawn of Time 0.\n Likewise, all the magic of the Summer Lady isn\'t enough to stop  a swarm of dewdrop fairies armed with cheap hardware-store boxcutters.\n The most efficient way to handle Black Court vampires? A paintball gun that fires projectiles filled with holy water.\n In Skin Game, Harry circumvents  Marcone\'s high-grade anti-magic security not by casting a flashy spell, but setting off roman candles as a distraction.\n Most of the crafters in Codex Alera have weaknesses like this. Firecrafters have Elemental Baggage at their command, and they\'re useless when they\'re soaked; Windcrafters can be neutralized by burying them in dirt, watercrafters are useless if dehydrated and surrounded by fire, and earthcrafters can\'t do anything unless they\'re touching the ground. In addition, wind furies are damaged by salt, which is a problem if someone throws some at you when you\'re a mile up in the air. All of these get exploited at some point or another, whether in fights or to keep the crafters in question prisoner.\n In John Varley\'s Demon, the war against Gaia gets a boost when they discover that zombies are destroyed by a witch\'s recipe for love potion. It\'s hinted that Gaia, who by this time is batshit crazy and running the war as a game, built in this highly unlikely weakness as one of her private jokes and then forgot about it.\n A Dragaeran saying: "No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife between the shoulderblades will seriously cramp his style."\n In The Lord of the Rings, Gandalf tries to open the gate to Moria for many hours with spells, etc., until he realizes to actually do exactly what the inscription on the gate reads, which is to say the elvish word for "friend". Once Gandalf utters the words, the gate starts to open. After solving it he realizes it wasn\'t even supposed to be a puzzle. (In the film version, it\'s Frodo who comes up with the solution.)\n In Honor Among Enemies, Honor meets with a Pirate warlord whose forces are holding a planet hostage. The pirate\'s crew make a point of scanning Honor and her armsmen to ensure they don\'t have any power sources on them strong enough to power the miniaturized railguns that everyone carries in this setting. Once this is done, Honor quickdraws a Colt M1911 and shoots the pirates dead. This was pretty much a Foregone Conclusion, as Honor\'s fondness for 20th century firearms was a Chekhov\'s Gun that she always kept in her hip pocket during this point in the series.\n Of the Ass Pull variety in The Infernal Devices, when  Mrs. Dark in demon form inside a pentagram can\'t be touched by seraph blades infused with the divine energy of God, but a falling chandelier kills her just fine. Sort of.\n The Animorphs need to find out where a guy lives, so they start planning ways of tracking him. Cassie just uses the phonebook.\n In the Heralds of Valdemar series, it is demonstrated several times that the easiest way to incapacitate a magic-user is to break his arms.\n In Secret City, Santiaga has to somehow tame down a cloud of reality-warping energy about to explode on nuclear scale and level Moscow. He flushes it into a river. Water has rather large heat capacity.\n In The General, the tenth book in the CHERUB Series, the Cherubs take part in a military exercise where they role-play a small band of insurgents fighting a US army battalion. Rather than actually bothering to fight the soldiers, the Cherubs simply dump a strong laxative in the water supply and wait for it to incapacitate the entire US force, at which point they proclaim victory.\n The Starfleet Survival Manual, a tie-in Fictional Document, briefly addresses the treatment protocol for people who overdose on anti-intoxicant medication designed for undercover cops but occasionally abused by people trying to cheat at drinking games: 15cc of pure ethanol at regular intervals until the anti-intoxicant wears off.\n "The best method, so far, has proven to be the simplest."\n The empowered characters in The Accidental Superheroine are weakened by a chemical present in Glade (tm) air fresheners.\n In The Golgotha Series, the climactic battle between Clay and Professor Zenith culminates in a Beam-O-War between their lightning-shooting superscience machines. Zenith\'s plan is to calculate and implement a precise series of complicated power modulations that will allow his machine to overwhelm Clay\'s. Clay\'s plan: while Zenith is busy with that, sneak up behind him and hit him with a wrench.\n In C. S. Lewis\' Perelandra, Ransom finds himself tasked with preventing the eponymous planet from failing its Forbidden Fruit test, while a demonic presence with no physiological needs opposes him. The solution?  Said demonic presence is only there because it piggybacked along on a human host, who can be physically killed. The mundanity of the solution is lampshaded, as it takes Ransom a while to accept that doing so would be a valid way of solving his predicament.\n In Shaman Blues, the villainess is assaulting the heroes with dozens of souped-up ghostly abominations and hides behind a veil protecting her from enemy magic. Feeling safe, she stays to watch, knowing that her enemies\' magical aura is tied up fighting ghosts. One of the heroes shoots her a few times with her gun.\n In Mistborn: The Original Trilogy, Mistborn can detect all metal sources in their presence and control them to terrifying effect, with the sole exception of any metal that they or other allomancers have swallowed to fuel their magic. Professional Mage Killers simply make do with wooden, ceramic, and obsidian equipment. Meanwhile, the Ax-Crazy Mistborn murderer Zane nearly kills Vin with a coin that she couldn\'t detect, leaving her puzzled at how he foiled her powers... until she sees him spit out another one, which infuriates her with how she overlooked such an obvious trick.\n At one point in Journey to the Center of the Earth the explorers have to find a way to carry their large supply of rope, blankets, clothing, and the like down a sheer vertical shaft. The solution? They just drop them.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Live Action TV \xa0\n In an episode of the Animorphs TV adaptation, the kids go to a spot in the zoo (where Cassie\'s mom works) where the more dangerous animals are kept to get some battle morphs. Jake and Marco talk about different ways to get over the chain link fence with barbed wire on the top. Cassie just uses her mother\'s keys to unlock the door.\n Eureka. Every episode seems to end this way as the super-scientists are always going to complex ways to solve a problem (which, nine times out of ten, they themselves created). It\'s Sherrif Carter who suggests an idea so simple it never occurs to the geniuses and it works.\n Stargate SG-1:\n One episode has Carter, an Ascended Daniel, and Jonas Quinn trying to figure out how to open a secret chamber to find an artifact. Daniel and Jonas look around for clues until Carter, noting how they don\'t have much time, tells them to get out of the way and blasts the compartment open with her P90.\n To disable some kind of Goa\'uld technology, Teal\'c says they need to remove specific crystals from the control panel... and then Jack blasts the lot of them with his P90, which does the trick anyway.\n Daniel tries to figure out the complex sequence of panels to push to disarm a device, then finally gives up and just shoots the crystal tray.\n From "The Serpent\'s Lair":\nBra\'tac: The field generators are far below. There\x97in the very bowels of the ship. We must climb down several decks through the length of the ship, then taking our weapons, we must...\n{Jack drops grenades down into the core)\nO\'Neill: Grenades.\n When Jack took command of the SGC, his first day on the job had a fast-growing plant start filling the corridors. When it was explained to him that any light source would fuel its growth, he calmly reached over and flicked the lights off. The scientist then had to hastily justify not using that technique since it would only slow the plant down, not stop it, and it\'s difficult to work in the dark.\n In Stargate Atlantis a piece of Lantean tech has swapped Dr. Keller\'s mind with a thief. Ronon solves the problem by shooting it.\n While many of the cons on Leverage are very detailed and complex, quite often, they end up going to rather simple solutions. As Nate puts it, the more complex a plan is, the more can go wrong with it while the simple cons are always the best.\n In "The Boiler Job," the team\'s target is a master grifter from a family of con artists who can spot any scam coming a mile away. So the team just steals his money instead.\n In "The Gold Job," Hardison\'s plan to take down a pair of fake gold dealers involves a cipher, treasure map inside a book, a watch, a Cantonese Bible, a cave-in and staging a death. To no one\'s amazement (except Hardison), the marks get tired of all this and quit. Nate, however, takes them down by stealing their gold and making it look like the two did it themselves for insurance fraud.\n Doctor Who:\n In "The Pirate Planet", a machine is destroyed by hitting it with a spanner, albeit telekinetically.\n Mickey tended to have simple solutions to problems. To get past a locked door, with coaxing from K-9 he just rammed it with a car; then to shut down the alien-influenced supercomputer, he pulled the power plug.\n The Doctor manages to capture an electronic lifeform who essentially exists as a living television signal... on a Betamax tape. Also, the Expospeak Gag on how he will permanently eliminate her.\n The Doctor: I\'ll use my unrivaled knowledge of trans-temporal extirpation methods to neutralize the residual electronic pattern.\n Rose: You what?\n The Doctor: I\'m gonna tape over it.\n When a Silent makes the mistake of taunting an FBI agent by saying that they have no need of guns, the agent demonstrates the flaw in his logic by shooting him. America!\n In "The Day of the Doctor", the three Doctors have been placed in a cell, and spend a long time working out a complex method of using all their sonic screwdrivers to open the door by decomposing it. Just before they have the chance, however, Clara arrives and opens it manually - turns out it was unlocked.\n Smallville:\n A de-powered Clark faces a foe who has Psycho Electro powers, but they\'ve gotta be fed almost constantly (if he\'s zapping you with one hand, he\'s drawing power from a source with the other.) Clark stops him by shutting off the power.\n Subverted in a later episode. Clark tries to stop the rampaging Metallo by triggering an EMP wave. It shuts him down, but he restarts in a few seconds. Clark then takes him out with his heat vision and super speed.\n NCIS:\n In one episode Gibbs has to shutdown a computer server before it can upload secret data to the Internet. McGee tries to talk him through the complicated process of hacking the security. Gibbs simply unplugs all the power cables and when this does not work due to battery backups, he simply shoots every piece of electronic equipment he sees in the room.\n In another episode, Abby and Mcgee are furiously typing away on a keyboard to stop a hacking attempt, when Gibbs simply unplugs the computer.\n The very first episode of Chuck has the titular character disarming a complex laptop bomb with... wait for it... a virus-ridden porn site. So does the last episode.\n A sketch on Saturday Night Live had a group of defeated former James Bond villains (mostly from the Roger Moore films) discussing how to deal with James. One points out that if you\'re close enough to try something like dropping a poisonous spider down his back, "Just shoot him!"\n Buffy the Vampire Slayer:\n In the episode "Helpless", Buffy had to fight a vampire without her powers. As a former psychotic mental patient, the aforementioned vampire depended on pills to function. She was able to defeat him by pouring holy water into a cup, which he then drank to help swallow said pills.\n Recurring villain Ethan Rayne, an Evil Sorceror, was gotten rid of when Riley had government agents arrest him.\n After numerous failed high-tech and/or magical schemes to kill Buffy, Warren just got a gun, went to the Summers house and started firing.\n The Judge was an hell of a foe: invulnerable to forged weapons, if cut to pieces he\'ll revive once reassembled, first time it took an army to cut him to pieces, and can burn anyone with humanity inside him, initially by touch but, as he kills more people, his power grows (a day after being reassembled he needed a gesture and could \'bounce\' his power from a person to the other, and would eventually grow strong enough to kill people by looking at them). Buffy blasted him to pieces with a bazooka, after which they disperded the (very small) pieces around the world.\n A Wendigo on Charmed was killed when the sisters just shot it with a flare gun.\n In another episode, the Monster of the Week is a succubus (who the authorities assume is just a serial killer) that is killed when an inspector just shoots her with a plain old handgun. Unfortunately, she Woke Up In The Morgue.\n In Sherlock, the title character doesn\'t know how to disarm a bomb, but does know that they must have an off-switch.\n In another episode, Moriarty has developed an app that can hack anything from a prison to the Tower of London and Sherlock is out to stop him. During their big confrontation, Moriarty reveals there is no super hacking bug. He just bribed the right people to open those places up for him and he\'s frankly disappointed Sherlock actually fell for the ruse.\n The Okami in Supernatural can recover from almost any injury except being stabbed seven times with a ceremonial bamboo dagger that has been blessed by a Shinto priest... or, in a pinch, shoving it into a woodchipper does the trick too.\n In one episode of Poirot, the great detective discovers a blackmailer\'s home address by...looking it up in the phonebook.\n In Kamen Rider Drive, the Ride Chaser can combine with the Ride Macher to create the Ride Crosser. While Gou can hijack Chaser\'s bike to form it, Chaser can use the Ride Crosser against them just as well. Their solution? Kill Chase? Coat Gou\'s bike in some kind of anti-Roidmude spray? Nope. Just leave it at the base.\n The Last Man on Earth episode "A Real Live Wire" has Phil and Todd set up solar panels, but forget to plug it in. After spending most of the episode trying to block the sun from the panels, Phill #2 simply turns the panels off.\n On Arrow, the team try to evacuate a building from a bomb and Felicity takes the computer to try and hack the system and set off the fire alarm. When she says she needs a few minutes to make this work, Thea just pulls the actual fire alarm.\n On The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon starts to talk Penny through a complicated procedure to one a puzzle box to get the key within when she stops him and asks if the box has any sentimental value. When he replies that it\'s just a cheap novelty, she drops it on the floor and stomps on it.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Mythology and Urban Legends\xa0\n Older Than Feudalism: In Greek Mythology, King Gordias tied a cart to the gate of Persepolis with a knot that nobody could untie; prophecy said that whoever did untie this would become ruler of Persia. Alexander the Great is said to have solved the puzzle by cutting through the knot with his sword. (Another account features Alexander merely removing the pin that held the knot and then untangling a little rope. A more thorough, yet no less mundane, solution suggests he fished out one or both ends of the rope and undid the knot correctly.)\n Heracles found a few mundane solutions to some of his Twelve Labors. The most mundane is needing to present Cerberus, the guardian beast of the Underworld. Rather than risk fighting Cerberus, Heracles just asked Hades "Hey, can I borrow Cerberus for a while?" Hades, being a rather decent fellow, replied something to the effect of "Sure, just bring him back when you\'re done."\n According to Japanese urban legend, if Kuchisake-onna approaches and asks if you think she\'s pretty, answering no will get you slashed to pieces in a violent rage. Answering yes will get you slashed to pieces because the word she uses for "pretty" (kirei) is a near-homophone of a word meaning "to cut" (kire), and Japanese bogeymen are fueled by bad puns. Giving a neutral answer like "you\'re so-so" (or asking her how she thinks YOU look) will confuse her into letting you go. Kuchisake-onna can also be bribed with candy. Or, in most recent versions of the story, you can excuse yourself and claim you\'re too busy to chat with her.\n There is an urban legend that the Soviet Union space program responded to the expense and effort of the invention of the Fisher Space Pen by using pencils. Although this story is not actually true (after the Apollo 1 disaster, NASA decided pencils were too flammable for the high-oxygen atmosphere of a space capsule), it does point to a general principle of Russian engineering: smart people, dumb machine. That is, the critical point is to make sure that above all, the device works and to trust the user and maintenance crew with the rest; as a result, a Russian car (especially Soviet-era) might be overall a piece of garbage with about as much comfort as a gokart with no suspension, but it\'s guaranteed to start and run in the winter. (On the other hand, you do wind up paying a price in terms of safety and steeper learning curves, but the Soviets obviously thought the tradeoffs were worth it.)\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Tabletop Games \xa0\n Rifts has a little fun with the concept of fae weaknesses. Among the ways to protect yourself from Faerie Folk is to turn your clothes inside-out or backwards when traveling through their territory, or by tying colorful ribbons all over you and your gear. But this is less a matter of them being unable to approach you as it is them being too busy laughing to trouble you.\n As well, the vampires race that has conquered all of Mexico is so vulnerable to holy water and crosses that Super Soakers and floodlights with crosses painted on them (which create big cross-shaped shadows) are some of the best weapons against them.\n In Mage: The Ascension, magic is indeed impressive given enough prep time, but mages taken by surprise tend to be in big trouble, being simple humans with none of the unique physical powers most other supernatural creatures have (vampires, werewolves, demons). That\'s why having a gun, sword or baseball bat with you always pays off.\n Mage: The Awakening reduced the time needed to cast some impressive spells, but keeping a normal weapon around was helpful. Even more so if it was enchanted or enhanced-or both. A really good Mage could even have a kickass sword that made Paradoxes he triggered weaker if he used it while spellcasting.\n In d20 Modern, there are classes of monsters that are tougher than the standard monster manual fare; to balance the fact that they are functionally invulnerable, they also have a table of unusual Weaksauce Weaknesses, ranging from \'the laughter of children\' to \'Elvis memorabilia\'.\n In most editions of Dungeons & Dragons, spellcasters have one flaw: They can be interrupted mid-spell with an attack. They can cast defensively to reduce the risk, but a well-timed thump to the head can still completely fizzle a spell powerful enough to disintegrate an army.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Video Games \xa0\n Deus Ex:\n In the original, it is often possible to simply break down locked doors by hitting them hard enough with a melee weapon.\n Due to the nature of the game, you have so many ways to complete an objective, some of them are so mundane and "obvious" that no one would think about it being possible. For example, in one mission, you have to get on a freighter, there is a ramp but you need a code to activate it. So you either need to hack the panel or find the databook (which may require hacking/lockping/searching). Actually, you don\'t need to do this, you don\'t even need the ramp. The freighter has a ladder.\n This applies to most levels in the game. Since hacking/lockpicking used up consumable resources the developers always included at least one mundane way to complete the objective in order to prevent the player from getting stuck. Normally this involved shooting everyone in a frontal assault.\n This trope is invoked in the game itself. When you need to get inside a cathedral and the doors are locked, Tracer Tong says you can just climb a certain place and go through the roof. "Never depend upon weapons and hi-tech when there is a simpler solution at hand".\n In the 2011 prequel, there is a part where the protagonist, Adam Jensen, must face off against a force of mercenaries before a funicular (elevator) arrives to take him to a secret sublevel base. The player is given time to prepare before the assault, and the enemy doesn\'t even need to be wiped out, Adam just needs to survive long enough to take the elevator down. The entire situation can be resolved by blocking the two entrances with vending machines.\n There are many ways to deal with auto turrets, you can use explosives, invisibility, hacking...Or you can just grab them and leave in a corner looking to the wall where they can\'t hit you.\n If you need to get into a high place, you can buy a super jump augmentation. You can also search for a box or barrel and jump on it (for free) through...\n The Big Bad of the Gamecube Custom Robo, Rahu,  was at first a shapeless, invisible force of destruction that sought to annihilate everything and adapt their abilities and traits to its own. At one point it comes across a Robo, which in those days was nothing more than a children\'s toy.  When Rahu took on the power of the Robo, it took on its form and became tangible, allowing the humans to fight it and, eventually, seal it.\n In the original Paper Mario there was a chest in Shy Guy\'s Toy Box containing a badge that was guarded by Anti Guy, who would let you have the treasure if you gave him a Lemon Candy. This is generally easier than fighting him since he\'s ridiculously strong.\n In the Dark Sun games by SSI, mages, clerics and psionics are incredibly powerful. While a few high-level spells exist specifically to shut down a spell-caster, with a relatively large chance of working, the easiest solution is to just hit them: the turn after being hit, they are completely unable to use anything magic or psionic (of course, this is also true for your characters).\n This occurs at the end of the final boss battle in Portal 2. It turns out that the new physics warping gels all wash off in minimal amounts of water. You knew that, because it was required to know for previous puzzles. The boss wasn\'t around for that part, and thus  Wheatley lampshades how much easier it would have been for him to win if he\'d known that ahead of time.\n In I Wanna Be the Guy, Dracula can infamously kill the Kid in the cutscene leading to his boss fight. You can just skip the cutscene.\n In World of Warcraft there\'s an Achievement for surviving a very long fall (without using a slow-fall effect), which is not lethal, but requires serious measurement. That or you can use invincibility such as a Paladin\'s Hand of Protect (Conveniently castable on others, so simply asking one for help will usually work.) and drop from any height that reaches the requirement. Also, druids and rogues of sufficiently high level have a passive ability that lowers their fall damage (the druid one normally works only in cat form, but there\'s a glyph that\'ll let it work in all forms; the rogue one always works, and has a glyph that will boost its effect).\n A bug allowed Alliance players to gain the long-fall achievement during a Mists of Pandaria questline where one automatically parachuted out of a crashing aircraft. For some reason, the parachute didn\'t count as a slow-fall effect for purposes of the achievement.\n Even easier, there\'s a quest in Swamp of Sorrows which nets you the achievement as a part of it, as you get shot out of a canon to a ship out in the water. It\'s part of the Bogpaddle part of the questline, called "In With a Bang."\n In the Night Watch video game, you can kill enemy mooks with handguns (and, later in the game, semiautomatics) instead of using magic. It would just take longer. It comes in handy when your character uses up all the mana.\n JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle is a fighting game revolving around people with psychic powers, vampires, and artificial sunlight-powered, vampire-killing martial artists. While Joseph Joestar is one of the last ones, his Heart Heat attack has him...pulling out a tommy gun and pumping his opponent full of lead (which is a Call Back to the original series, where he does the same thing against a vampire, though to less effect.)\n In Iji, the legendary alien warrior Iosa the Invincible has a unique shield, created by a freak accident, making her immune to all of the nanotech-based guns the aliens, and Iji, use. Iosa is happy to gloat about this. Iji then defeats her by... kicking her. Or using a perfectly mundane shotgun.\n At the end of the first Simon the Sorcerer game, Sordid spends some time trying (and failing) to light through magic a lava pit that Simon has previously turned off. Eventually, Simon manages to light it by using a box of matches.\n PAYDAY: The Heist features this as an achievement. During the Slaughterhouse heist, an armored truck will get stuck in the roof of the titular slaughterhouse, either rear-end up or front-end up depending on whether or not it was shot by the players during the ambush at the beginning of the heist. If it lands rear-end up, the player can either shoot the wires keeping it afloat... or just wait a few minutes and let the wires snap on their own. (They don\'t snap if the truck lands front-end up.)\n One of the recruitable citizens in  Citizens of Earth has been trapped on the top floor of a building thanks to an Evil Elevator and taking said elevator is the only way to reach him. After he\'s recruited, how does the party escape the room and leave the building? By taking the perfectly-working door into the stairwell and walking down.\n Undertale: One of the ways to non-violently end a fight with the monster named Aaron is to simply tell him to go away. Aaron will sometimes do so without complaint.\nYou tell Aaron to go away. Aaron agrees. YOU WON!\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Webcomics\xa0\n Given the profusion of Mad Scientists in Girl Genius, it\'s hardly surprising that it has several examples:\n Gil attempting to catch Zeetha with a cage clank. Said clank missed, and went on a rampage trying to catch something. After everybody else failed to defeat it using various means, Krosp checks with Gil to be sure that the clank will not hurt whatever it catches, then tosses a little girl into the robot and lets it capture her. Having achieved its objective, the bot promptly settles down and simply sits there, with the little girl happily inside.\nLittle girl: Yay! Hey Mamma! I\'m inna show!\n Also, when everyone is trying to kill/cure Agatha, Gil, and Tarvek, one of the machines goes haywire, and the Sparks start screaming about how everything is going to blow up, and "NO FORCE ON EARTH CAN STOP IT!" Then, the machine spontaneously stops. Cue everyone looking at Von Zinzer, holding the power plug.\n Moloch Von Zinzer is very good at this sort of thing. It tends to annoy Sparks, who don\'t like having their drama harshed by a Mundane Solution.\n Moloch: Why don\'t we just move this winch? There should be enough cable, and it looks strong enough that we could lower everybody on a platform. [turns around and notices he\'s become the subject of several disapproving glares] Moloch: ...and then, at the bottom, it could unfold into a ... a giant caterpillar or ... something... Dr. Mittelmind: No, no. You\'ve already taken all the joy out of it.\n In The Inexplicable Adventures of Bob!, after the Space Pirates of Ipecac have gone to a great deal of trouble to steal some Unobtainium called borfomite on a distant planet, they realize they have to combine it with plain Earth caramel to make it power their BFG. This is far from the only example, as part of Bob\'s shtick is his knack for hitting upon simple solutions to bizarre problems.\n The Order of the Stick had Haley use a bow and arrow to solve the Knights and Knaves problem in this strip.\n When a storm hits the airship the Order is on  Belkar begins ranting about how its not the real Durkon, and Thor won\'t help him, along with Durkon\'s spirit... and the spirit possessing Durkon uses Control Weather.\n  Vamp!Durkon: What? It\'s on the standard cleric spell list. Geez.\n When the clue hammers in El Goonish Shive were shut down, Susan was suddenly deprived of her habitual method of dealing with inappropriate comments. Enter Catalina Bobcat with a toy hammer...\n Nerd boys: Ow! The plastic, it hurts!\n xkcd tells us how to beat cryptography in the kneecap.\n Also known as rubber-hose cryptanalysis. For obvious reasons, this method is unfit for gathering court-admissible evidence.\n Bigger Than Cheeses mocked the difference between the way Hollywood stops hackers, and the way you should stop them. note\xa0Emphasis on "you". There are occasions when the cure is worse than the disease, but any computer unimportant enough that you\'re allowed to read TV Tropes on it probably isn\'t going to be part of them.\n In The Adventures of Dr. McNinja, Gordito dealt with Victor, an obvious villain claiming to be a plumber, by hiring another plumber and firing Victor.\n Later, King Radical is trying to generate radical energy in order to  summon the residents of his world into the other one which has them forcibly replace the boring original residents. He is about to give up, however, because even making a giant robot out of the town\'s buildings only made a little energy and he can\'t possibly top that. One of his minions then suggests he have the robot DO something, which starts producing a lot of radical energy.\n The entire plot is defeated by  Gordito turning off the robots power source and breaking the ignition key.\n Manly Guys Doing Manly Things are infected with a virus that transforms them into Bishounen. Commander Badass goes on a long elaborate hunt for the mastermind of this plot and battles him to the death, to no avail. In the meantime, Canadian Guy... goes to the doctor, and is cured before Commander Badass returns.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Original\xa0\n During the Nostalgia Critic review of Turbo A Power Rangers Movie, the Critic has to fight a monster. He learns of the Captain Ersatz version of a MegaZord, and asks why don\'t they skip straight to it instead of fighting the monster one-on-one. He\'s told by each party that it simply isn\'t done. So, the Critic summons the MegaZord, squishes the monster with one foot, battle over. Everyone is upset, calling him a "cheater", but Critic smiles and says he\'s not a cheater - he\'s a winner.\nMalcolm!Zordon: That was NOT the honorable way!\nCritic: But it was the effective way. Can\'t argue with results.\n In JourneyQuest, Perf demonstrates a terribly simple solution to an enemy mage. He hits him in the head with a rock, causing a spell backfire to roast the enemy.\n In Cracked\'s After Hours, they point out that that if Muggles had just known about Voldemort, we would have solved the problem by simply blowing him up.\nKatie: But he has unlimited dark magical powers!\nMichael: Yeah, that he has to aim through a wand! We can fire a thousand missiles. From space. With iPhones.\n Speaking of Cracked, see 23 Movie Plots Easily Solved by Everyday Technology .\n Not Always Right spinoff site Not Always Learning has a classroom posed with a problem involving a bottomless chasm and two too-short boards with which to cross it. A student sarcastically remarks that the bottomless chasm is only three feet wide, so they can just jump over... and this is the answer the teacher was looking for.\n From the same website, a student given the prompt: "You are in a burning building. You have a paper clip, a pencil, and a sweat-sock. How do you get out?" wrote that they\'d use the door... there was nothing saying they were trapped in the burning building.\nTeacher: ...You smart-ass.\n Yet another Not Always Learning student confronts a math problem involving fitting a pair of skis through a door. After using the Pythagorean Theorem to solve the problem as taught, the student adds that realistically, the skis could be maneuvered through by holding them horizontally (perpendicular to the door). She was the only one to get full credit for the question.\n A teacher of Home Economics warns her students that touching their baked projects barehanded will cost them the grade. Several students try to get creative with utensils to serve their projects, wasting time, dropping food, and making a mess. The last student wears gloves.\n In If the Emperor Had a Text-to-Speech Device, the Emperor suggests that the simplest way to kill bug aliens Tyranids would be to use bug spray. Subverted, though, as Kitten notes that with their adaptive abilities, they\'d likely breed themselves immunity to it before too long.\n In Worm, Director Piggot of the PRT gets Crawler, a Combat Sadomasochist with Adaptive Ability, to stay in one place long enough to drop a planeload of bombs on him by the simple expedient of calling him and telling him that she was going to do so, which resulted in Crawler staying in place long enough for the bomber to arrive.\n You Have Become Your Avatar: When the group was haunted by Dan Barrows and the Scissorman, Walter Sobchak!Inceptiond pulled out a pistol and shot them.\n Despite their virtually unlimited budget, the SCP Foundation will bring out the cheaper mundane solutions whenever they can. Dr. Clef advises his fellows that the easiest way to bring down a Reality Warper is to shoot them in the head with a big gun when they aren\'t looking. Their solution to pacify SCP-096, a lanky monster that kills anyone who looks at its face, was to put a bag over its head. When they discovered SCP-2950 grows more violent when large numbers of people believe it\'s violent, their solution was to trick everyone into thinking it\'s just a harmless chair so it would transform into a harmless chair. Many of their containment protocols boil down to "lock it in a box and try to forget about it".\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Western Animation \xa0\n In The Venture Bros., one of Doctor Venture\'s actual good inventions over the run of the show was an impenetrable force field. Unfortunately, he gets stuck on the inside with the president, a broken control switch and no way to get what was needed to fix it. Throughout the episode, the White House maid touted the cleaning power of club soda. It turns out to be the only thing that can break up the force field.\n "Child, a little club soda can get out anything."\n In one episode of The Fairly OddParents, where Timmy, Chester, and AJ are sent to a military school, they have to run an obstical course in 60 seconds, or their stuff (including Cosmo and Wanda) will be destroyed. When they get to a wall-climb, there\'s only 15 seconds left on the clock, not enough time to climb it and make it to the end. AJ presents a faster alternative - walking around the wall.\n Xiaolin Showdown:\n In an early episode the Monks are tackling an obstacle course where they jump through hoops and swinging logs and such to retrieve a stuffed dog at the end of the circular track, back near the starting line. When it comes around to Clay\'s turn... he turns around and grabs the dog from the end of the track. As Clay says "I don\'t see the point of all that hoppin\' around, so long as I got the dog." At the end of the same episode, he wins a "sparrow catching" Showdown by filling his hat with seeds to lure the bird. Simple solutions to complicated problems!\n An evil mime has trapped the monks in an invisible prison. They spend most of the episode trying to blast their way out of prison.. then they get out by miming a door and opening it.\n In the very first episode, several of Jack Spicer\'s robot minions are defeated by turning them off. Jack wonders aloud why he made the on/off switch so obvious.\n Yet another episode has a When You Snatch the Pebble-style test, which Omi passes by asking nicely for the objective. Xiaolin Showdown is quite fond of this trope in general.\n In South Park, when a lack of internet connectivity forces the townspeople to move to an internet refugee camp, Kyle fixes the problem the same way that we all would: he pulls the plug on the monolithic server and powers it up again until the flashing yellow light becomes solid green.\n In one episode of Steven Universe, there\'s a massive geode containing a storm that has cracked and has begun radiating energy. The solution? Seal the crack with duct tape.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Real Life \xa0\n The doll. One of the oldest and most universal toys ever conceived, it doesn\'t seem nearly as spectacular an innovation as discovering fire or crafting the stone ax, yet it revolutionized child care by giving young children something to safely try out social interactions with. Compare that to other social primates, in which subadult females can only practice infant care by stealing actual infants away from their mothers - a risky situation for baby and young female, alike - and youngsters of both sexes are smacked around by their elders if they commit a faux pas. Plus, learning to regard dolls as substitute-playmates gave the human imagination a jump-start.\n\n\n', u'imagelink': u'http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/ohcraphackers_8957.png', u'doctype': u'trope', u'links': [{u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/BirdyTheMighty', u'titleofwork': u'Birdy the Mighty'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/HaruhiSuzumiya', u'titleofwork': u'Haruhi Suzumiya'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/MahouSenseiNegima', u'titleofwork': u'Mahou Sensei Negima!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/ACertainMagicalIndex', u'titleofwork': u'A Certain Magical Index'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/FateZero', u'titleofwork': u'Fate/Zero'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/Macross7', u'titleofwork': u'Macross 7'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MegaManNTWarrior', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Man NT Warrior'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/YuYuHakusho', u'titleofwork': u'YuYu Hakusho'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/NeonGenesisEvangelion', u'titleofwork': u'Neon Genesis Evangelion'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/RODTheTV', u'titleofwork': u'ROD the TV'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheSandman', u'titleofwork': u'The Sandman: Endless Nights'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheTransformers', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers Generation 1'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TransformersAnimated', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers Animated'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheLifeAndTimesOfScroogeMcDuck', u'titleofwork': u'The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Batman', u'titleofwork': u'Batman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/AlbedoErmaFelnaEDF', u'titleofwork': u'Albedo: Erma Felna EDF'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/LaffALympics', u'titleofwork': u'Laff-A-Lympics'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/BlueBeetle', u'titleofwork': u'Blue Beetle'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/IronMan', u'titleofwork': u'Iron Man'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BuffyTheVampireSlayer', u'titleofwork': u'Buffy the Vampire Slayer'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/Sight', u'titleofwork': u'Sight'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/ATeachersGlory', u'titleofwork': u"A Teacher's Glory"}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FullmetalAlchemist', u'titleofwork': u'Fullmetal Alchemist'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BuffyTheVampireSlayer', u'titleofwork': u'Buffy the Vampire Slayer'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/PrincessOfTheBlacks', u'titleofwork': u'Princess Of The Blacks'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/SawI', u'titleofwork': u'Saw'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/ThomasAndTheMagicRailroad', u'titleofwork': u'Thomas and the Magic Railroad'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ExecutiveDecision', u'titleofwork': u'Executive Decision'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/RaidersOfTheLostArk', u'titleofwork': u'Raiders of the Lost Ark'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ThePrestige', u'titleofwork': u'The Prestige'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Casper', u'titleofwork': u'Casper'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/JamesBond', u'titleofwork': u'James Bond'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/CasinoRoyale2006', u'titleofwork': u'Casino Royale (2006)'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Goldfinger', u'titleofwork': u'Goldfinger'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/JohnnyEnglishReborn', u'titleofwork': u'Johnny English Reborn'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/IRobot', u'titleofwork': u'I, Robot'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheAvengers2012', u'titleofwork': u'The Avengers (2012)'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/CaptainAmericaTheFirstAvenger', u'titleofwork': u'Captain America: The First Avenger'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Terminator2JudgmentDay', u'titleofwork': u'Terminator 2: Judgment Day'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/DieHardWithAVengeance', u'titleofwork': u'Die Hard with a Vengeance'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/UnderSiege2DarkTerritory', u'titleofwork': u'Under Siege 2: Dark Territory'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/XMenDaysOfFuturePast', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men: Days of Future Past'}, {u'genre': u'Film', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheDish', u'titleofwork': u'The Dish'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/NightWatch', u'titleofwork': u'Night Watch'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/DragonBones', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Bones'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Discworld', u'titleofwork': u'Discworld'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Discworld/Sourcery', u'titleofwork': u'Sourcery'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Discworld/WyrdSisters', u'titleofwork': u'Wyrd Sisters'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Discworld/Maskerade', u'titleofwork': u'Maskerade'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Discworld/MovingPictures', u'titleofwork': u'Moving Pictures'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheWonderfulWizardOfOz', u'titleofwork': u'Wicked Witch of the West'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/LoyalEnemies', u'titleofwork': u'Loyal Enemies'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheRiftwarCycle', u'titleofwork': u"The King's Buccaneer"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheRiftwarCycle', u'titleofwork': u'The Riftwar Cycle'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/LarryNiven', u'titleofwork': u'Larry Niven'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheDresdenFiles', u'titleofwork': u'The Dresden Files'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/GaeaTrilogy', u'titleofwork': u'Demon'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheLordOfTheRings', u'titleofwork': u'The Lord of the Rings'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HonorHarrington', u'titleofwork': u'Honor Among Enemies'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Animorphs', u'titleofwork': u'Animorphs'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HeraldsOfValdemar', u'titleofwork': u'Heralds of Valdemar'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/SecretCity', u'titleofwork': u'Secret City'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/CHERUBSeries', u'titleofwork': u'CHERUB Series'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarTrek', u'titleofwork': u'Starfleet'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheAccidentalSuperheroine', u'titleofwork': u'The Accidental Superheroine'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheGolgothaSeries', u'titleofwork': u'The Golgotha Series'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ShamanBlues', u'titleofwork': u'Shaman Blues'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/MistbornTheOriginalTrilogy', u'titleofwork': u'Mistborn: The Original Trilogy'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/JourneyToTheCenterOfTheEarth', u'titleofwork': u'Journey to the Center of the Earth'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StargateSG1', u'titleofwork': u'Stargate SG-1'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StargateAtlantis', u'titleofwork': u'Stargate Atlantis'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Leverage', u'titleofwork': u'Leverage'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/DoctorWho', u'titleofwork': u'Doctor Who'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Smallville', u'titleofwork': u'Smallville'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/NCIS', u'titleofwork': u'NCIS'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Chuck', u'titleofwork': u'Chuck'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/SaturdayNightLive', u'titleofwork': u'Saturday Night Live'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BuffyTheVampireSlayer', u'titleofwork': u'Buffy the Vampire Slayer'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Charmed', u'titleofwork': u'Charmed'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Sherlock', u'titleofwork': u'Sherlock'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Supernatural', u'titleofwork': u'Supernatural'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Poirot', u'titleofwork': u'Poirot'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/KamenRiderDrive', u'titleofwork': u'Kamen Rider Drive'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/TheLastManOnEarth', u'titleofwork': u'The Last Man on Earth'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Arrow', u'titleofwork': u'Arrow'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/TheBigBangTheory', u'titleofwork': u'The Big Bang Theory'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Rifts', u'titleofwork': u'Rifts'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/MageTheAscension', u'titleofwork': u'Mage: The Ascension'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/MageTheAwakening', u'titleofwork': u'Mage: The Awakening'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/DungeonsAndDragons', u'titleofwork': u'Dungeons & Dragons'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/DeusEx', u'titleofwork': u'Deus Ex'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DeusExHumanRevolution', u'titleofwork': u'2011 prequel'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Portal2', u'titleofwork': u'Portal 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/IWannaBeTheGuy', u'titleofwork': u'I Wanna Be the Guy'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WorldOfWarcraft', u'titleofwork': u'World of Warcraft'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SimonTheSorcerer', u'titleofwork': u'Simon the Sorcerer'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/PAYDAYTheHeist', u'titleofwork': u'PAYDAY: The Heist'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CitizensOfEarth', u'titleofwork': u' Citizens of Earth'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Undertale', u'titleofwork': u'Undertale'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/TheInexplicableAdventuresOfBob', u'titleofwork': u'The Inexplicable Adventures of Bob!'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/TheOrderOfTheStick', u'titleofwork': u'The Order of the Stick'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Xkcd', u'titleofwork': u'xkcd'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/BiggerThanCheeses', u'titleofwork': u'Bigger Than Cheeses'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/TheAdventuresOfDrMcNinja', u'titleofwork': u'The Adventures of Dr McNinja'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/ManlyGuysDoingManlyThings', u'titleofwork': u'Manly Guys Doing Manly Things'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebVideo/NostalgiaCritic', u'titleofwork': u'Nostalgia Critic'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebVideo/JourneyQuest', u'titleofwork': u'JourneyQuest'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Website/Cracked', u'titleofwork': u'Cracked'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Website/NotAlwaysRight', u'titleofwork': u'Not Always Right'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebAnimation/IfTheEmperorHadATextToSpeechDevice', u'titleofwork': u'If the Emperor Had a Text-to-Speech Device'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Worm', u'titleofwork': u'Worm'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Roleplay/YouHaveBecomeYourAvatar', u'titleofwork': u'You Have Become Your Avatar'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wiki/SCPFoundation', u'titleofwork': u'SCP Foundation'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheVentureBrothers', u'titleofwork': u'The Venture Bros'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheFairlyOddParents', u'titleofwork': u'The Fairly OddParents'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/XiaolinShowdown', u'titleofwork': u'Xiaolin Showdown'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SouthPark', u'titleofwork': u'South Park'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/StevenUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Steven Universe'}], u'title': u'Mundane Solution - TV Tropes'}, u'_index': u'tropes_and_media'}, {u'_score': 0.038578898, u'_type': u'item', u'_id': u'48884', u'_source': {u'text': u'\n\nStill more effective than shooting him.\n"I don\'t know if I\'ve mentioned this, but I am the morning star, the fallen one, the first and most damned child of creation. Magic is the power of creation, children. It cannot harm me."\n\u2014 Lucyfar, Please Don\'t Tell My Parents I\'m a Supervillain\n\nFor whatever reason, some characters can ignore another character\'s powers. They might be immune to every kind of magic, or their abilities are \'too powerful\' to be resisted but whatever the case, other characters\' powers don\'t work on them and their own powers are not impeded in the least. If heroes attempt to use The Worf Barrage, they\'ll step out of the Smoke Shield and casually dust themselves off. When the Barrier Warrior tries to block their attacks with a Beehive Barrier, they\'ll break it into hexagons and knock them out. It can also take the form of a wrestler using their ultimate move and eliciting little more than a raised eyebrow from their opponent.\nThey aren\'t canceling their opponent\'s powers, and they often aren\'t explicitly stated to be immune or resistant beforehand. They\'re just that good. It\'s almost as if it were a make believe children\'s game where one of the kids refuses to "play by the rules" and insists they\'re invincible and immune to their playmate\'s imaginary powers. That\'s impossible... Right?\nDepending on execution, this can be a terrifying reminder of exactly why they\'re called the BIG Bad, or a very groanworthy way of adding Fake Difficulty for a hero. If a villain has benefited from No Sell for the first four acts, by the time the hero masters his powers/confidence in the fifth, it\'s likely that he\'ll be the one using No Sell along with a Super Mode or Heroic Resolve.\nThe trope\'s name is a term used in Professional Wrestling circles. In all types of acting, "selling" means an actor reacts as if he had been hit hard when the attack didn\'t make contact or was harmlessly light. Professional wrestling refers to it as a "no-sell" when the wrestler that was struck doesn\'t react to the hit (i.e. he just stands there, as if his opponent were punching a brick wall). Originally, this was usually a case of the wrestler taking the hit just being a dick, and was highly frowned upon because it was seen as undermining Kayfabe. But it also came to be used as a way to demonstrate that a wrestler is just that tough. Some wrestlers use no-selling as their main schtick.\nImmunities to specific attacks and/or Standard Status Effects are almost always present in Tabletop Games and are the main purpose of Damage Typing. As a game model grows, it\'s more and more likely to get into Lensman Arms Race of effects, immunities and immunity-breaching effects. See also The Law of Diminishing Defensive Effort.\nCompare Kung-Fu Proof Mook, which is when mooks do this, Punch! Punch! Punch! Uh Oh..., where the attacker uses hand-to-hand attacks instead of special powers, and Shooting Superman, for when this crosses over with Idiot Ball. Usually, this is accompanied by a Finger Wag. Also see Contractual Boss Immunity and Useless Useful Spell for related video game mechanics. See Disability Immunity for cases when the attack happens to be not applicable to the victim rather than counteracted, and Feel No Pain where the no sell is the result of the attack not being felt by the target. See also Cross-Melting Aura for a way especially evil creatures No Sell their Weaksauce Weakness to holy items. A favorite of the Implacable Man and The Juggernaut. Immune to Flinching is a video game equivalent.\nThe inversion is No Saving Throw.\n\nExamples:\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0open/close all folders\xa0 \n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Anime and Manga\xa0\n Dragon Ball\n Taopaipai cannot be harmed by the Kamehameha no matter how powerful it is. It just glances around his body like water. His clothes can\'t say the same. But after some training with Karin-sama, Goku replies in kind by catching and No Selling Taopaipai\'s Dodonpa with nothing but slightly-scorched hands.\n King Piccolo did one better. He not only took a full Kamehameha, his clothes weren\'t even damaged.\n During the Red Ribbon Saga, General White, a big, husky man, gives Goku a punch directly to the gut. Goku remarks that it felt like a fly landing on him, and returns the blow with an uppercut that sends White bouncing off the ceiling.\n Tien does this to Yamcha\'s first Kamehameha when they fought for the first time. In the next tournament, he No Sells Taopaipai\'s cybernetically-enhanced Dodonpa.\n When Goku was fighting his dead grandpa he took a flying kick to the chest and didn\'t even flinch.\n Goku casually blocked Krillin\'s Kamehameha with his hand during the 22nd Tournament, although Krillin knew the Kamehameha was useless against Goku and did it as a distraction.\n Mr. Popo once ate a Kamehameha Wave fired by Goku in their first meeting. Literally, he swallows it to no effect.\n During the 23rd Tournament, Goku tanks a blast from Piccolo that nukes the island they were fighting on. Other than some burn marks, Goku was left unharmed.\n Numerous fights in Dragonball Z featured this trope, usually at early stages in each fight to establish the strength of the latest foe.\n The fight against Vegeta and Nappa has every energy attack used against them being a No Sell until Goku shows up. When Cell achieved perfect status, he didn\'t even notice Krillin attacking him.\n Piccolo\'s energy attack against Raditz did absolutely nothing.\n Raditz also cancelled out Goku\'s Kamehameha.\n In Movie 8, the titular villain Broly takes a Kamehameha Wave point-blank. The look of horror on Goku\'s face when Broly taunts him for it is priceless. In fact more often than not he dodges the first attack, then while going on the offensive, No Sells the second just to show that it wouldn\'t have worked anyway.\n Freeza\'s big brother Cooler performs an awesome variation by flying into a Kamehameha Wave like a fish swimming, and upon reaching Goku, popping out to punch him in the face.\n Any time a barrage of Ki Attacks leaves a cloud of dust/smoke obscuring the target, you can rest assured that they\'ll emerge completely unscathed once a convenient gust of wind blows the cloud away. At most, you\'ll see some Clothing Damage.\n Goku himself does a variation of it to Freeza after achieving Super Saiyan form: Freeza is getting frustrated at how Goku effortlessly dodges all of his Ki Attacks, until Goku deliberately lets one hit him right on the kisser. Goku\'s head snaps back as if he took real damage, but then he raises his head and reveals the attack didn\'t even leave a scratch. You should also keep in mind that these were the same attacks that were putting holes in everyone else that were on the receiving end of them.\n Goku took a direct punch to the face by Fat Buu after he went Super Saiyan 3. Goku only smiled. Up until that point, no one was able to withstand even one of Buu\'s hits.\n Like his father above, Gohan got decked across the face after Cell revealed his full power. It did absolutely nothing.\n Beerus practically does this to everyone in Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods, with Dragon Ball Super Retconing Vegeta\'s beatdown of Beerus to show that even that had no real effect (the original did have Vegeta knock Beerus around, even if he wasn\'t fazed much.)\n Android 17 no sells Piccolo\'s hellzone grenade. The amount of buildup given to the setup for the attack, the size of the blast, and the look of concern on 18\'s face (for the first time ever) shows how powerful he is.\n In Kinnikuman, when Screwkid stabbed his \'you\'ve failed me\' boss Big the Buddo, he was so overpowered he disintegrated due to how ineffective his attack was. That\'s right, the villain who killed two major superheroes in one blow and gave two others a real run for their money was so weak by comparison that the recoil of hitting the guy killed him. And Budo was holding back. Budo then took finisher attacks from other heroes without flinching at all, even moves that would have defeated major villains from the previous arcs. In fact, it took THREE supreme attacks to finally defeat him.\n Bleach\n Ishida had a chance to fight the Espada, Szayel in Hueco Mundo - too bad that Szayel in question just happened to be immune to Quincy powers... in fact, he claimed he could make himself resistant to any powers, provided he got a chance to study them beforehand.\n Mayuri later does the exact same thing to the Espada.\n The villain of a filler arc had the power to negate all Shinigami powers, even the Head Captain\'s. Conveniently, Ichigo has Hollow powers he can use instead, making him the only one who can fight back. Nevermind that the Head Captain has amply demonstrated that he doesn\'t need his powers to beat you down.\n Aizen does this a lot, even in the face of ever more powerful attacks directed his way by the heroes. For a while, his favorite phrase was "That would have worked on me before I evolved"\n Post-Dangai Ichigo pulled Aizen\'s stunt on Aizen himself, brushing off his most powerful attacks like they were nothing and forcing Aizen to evolve two more times to even put a scratch on him. In fact, Ichigo got hit with this hard when Getsuga Tensho became So Last Season.\n The Arrancar have an ability called Hierro that makes their skin extremely hard, Nnoitra possessing the strongest of all. After Chad uses an attack to critically injure a former Espada\'s released form, Nnoitra is completely unaffected by the same move. He later goes on to shrug off several hits from Ichigo\'s bankai.\n Ulquiorra bitch slaps Benehime\'s (Urahara\'s zanpakuto) shikai ability out of the way. The same special ability that just seconds ago negated Yammy\'s cero. Keep in mind Urahara\'s abilities are captain level.\n Charlotte\'s strength and speed is so great Yumichika is thrown around like a ragdoll during their fight until Charlotte activates his Finishing Move. As soon as Yumichika realizes the killer rosebush has completely isolated him from the rest of the battlefield, he promptly throws off Charlotte, activates his Cover-Blowing Superpower and curb-stomps Charlotte. Not only does he completely ignore the rosebush that\'s supposed to kill him, but Charlotte\'s strength and speed is now utterly negated the moment Yumichika stops being Willfully Weak.\n When Ichigo attempts to attack  Yhwach in bankai, his bankai suffers this from  Haschwalth who not only one-shots Ichigo\'s bankai, but even breaks Tensa Zangetsu in half in the process.\n When Rukia fights As Nodt, she claims she no longer knows fear and therefore cannot be harmed by As Nodt\'s powers. The reason for this is that she is able to temporarily freeze the molecules in her body at anywhere from -1 degrees to absolute zero. As a result of this, she is technically not alive, and therefore cannot feel emotion. Cue the curb-stomping.\n One of the examples where the hero frequently benefits is in Mahou Sensei Negima!, whose protagonist regularly shrugs off attacks and abilities far beyond other characters, through dint of good power and good training. Exemplified by Jack Rakan, who at one point  takes a massive chain of specialized, unique attacks dead-on, culminating in being run through on a titan-slayer lance and left pinned. He promptly removes the obstruction and stands back up smiling.\n And then he manages to will himself back into being after being erased from existence. Twice!\n An earlier incident had Madoka attempting to slap Kotaro after he accidentally walked in on Ako while she was changing. He blocks the slap, so she punches him in the face. His reaction is a completely deadpan "Ow."\n A humorous interlude in which everyone is confessing their worries and Makie\'s only problem is that she can\'t think of any worries turns out to foreshadow her being completely unaffected by "Poyo"\'s Lotus-Eater Machine artifact. The funny part about that is the other character who no-sells the same spell: the resident complainer Chisame.\n Let\'s not forget Asuna\'s trademarked and absolutely broken innate Magic Cancel. As in, she\'s immune to anything but beneficial magic, and this is especially notorious when she\'s walking through a gigantic Great Magic mine and canceling it around her as she goes.\n In Fist of the North Star, Souther was able to literally laugh off Kenshiro\'s strongest moves during their first fight and send poor Ken face-down onto the pavement with X-shaped face lacerations directly afterward. Souther was born with situs inversus totalis, a condition that reversed the sides of his body that his internal organs and blood vessels \u2014 and thus the pressure points needed to be hit to actualize the Hokuto Shinken style \u2014 were on.\n Lyrical Nanoha:\n After the end of the second season goes all out, the series puts Raising Heart into its Excelion mode, does a super charge attack to break a barrier and fires everything she has point blank at The Book of Darkness... who just looks at her when the smoke clears with a clear sense of "Didn\'t I just tell you that that isn\'t going to work? Twit". Because she\'s so much stronger  (and also not evil) that using harsher insults would be a waste.\n In The Movie, the attack ended up pushing The Book of Darkness through five skyscraper sized stone pillars and pinning them against a sixth before even firing the blast, and it still did nothing.\n The Huckebein Family mainly No Sells almost EVERYTHING thrown against them.\n  Ghost, the last Real Funeral Wreath, in Katekyo Hitman Reborn!. Try to use Dying Will Flames on him results in him just absorbing them, and physical attacks aren\'t any more effective.\n In YuYu Hakusho\'s Dark Tournament finals, during the Bui vs. Hiei battle,  after Hiei absorbs the power of the Dragon of the Darkness Flame, he No Sells a Meteor Move.\n One Piece:\n Happens whenever the ill-defined Elemental Rock-Paper-Scissors system of powers comes into play. The most famous (and satisfying) is the beginning of the fight between Luffy (made of rubber) and Eneru (made of lightning), in which Luffy takes multiple One-Hit Kill moves in a row without a hair on his head being harmed.\n During the early parts of the East Blue saga, Luffy shrugs off blunt force with the phrase, "That won\'t work on me, I\'m a rubberman." Over time, his enemies tend to 1) realize earlier that blunt force and guns won\'t work on him and switch tactics accordingly, 2) supply enough blunt force to actually hurt him, albeit less than he should be, (Shadows Asgard, Rokuougan), or 3) use Haki to get past his Devil Fruit power. However, at times, his powers work to protect him, such as when he survives human form Lucci\'s Shigan aimed at the neck because he is a rubber man.\n Almost any Logia fruit user worth their salt is able to No Sell almost any attack that isn\'t Haki enhanced (or isn\'t of a element that trumps the Logia\'s element) by turning into their constituent element. A skilled Logia user can even No Sell attacks that are Haki enhanced by simply shapeshifting their body around it, as seen when Aokiji creates a hole in his ice body for Whitebeard\'s Haki-embued bisento to pass through, leaving the non-Haki wielding observes to briefly think Whitebeard had struck a fatal blow.\n Brook is able to No Sell Ikaros Much\'s moisture-sucking squid spears thanks to the fact that he\'s a living skeleton. There\'s nothing to drain.\n Since his upgrade, Brook is able to survive most physical harm (even decapitation) due to his newfound \'soul\' powers. Turns out his true form is that of a spirit, and he\'s merely possessing his old body.\n Buggy, one of the weakest pirates in the series, can No Sell any sword strike whether it\'s embedded with Haki or not. Not even Hawk-Eye can cut him. Or rather, no one can hurt him by cutting because his Chop-Chop powers mean he can break up into as many pieces as he wants. Cutting him just splits him into more pieces.\n In the "3D2Y" special, two of the villains are able to resist Boa Hancock\'s "Mero Mero" powers. Sebastian is blind and as such, can\'t see Hancock\'s beauty. Timeian is able to ingest extremely bitter herbal medicines to resist Hancock\'s powers but in the end, she gets defeated and turned to stone all the same.\n Armament haki is also often use to do this - when Luffy battled Boa Marigold, she was able to effotlessly No Sell every Luffy\'s attack during their battle. At least until he start using Gear Second.\n And then there is Donquixote Doflamingo. Ewerything short of strongest attacks is unable to even scratch him - after Luffy attacks him in full force with both Haki and Gear Second on, he just tells him, that his attacks feel like he trying to tickle him. It takes Luffy in Gear Fourth throwing him around the town to deal serious harm to him, and even after that he gains upper hand, because Luffy simply run out of stamina before he was able to defeat him, but then his allies come to his aid, give him the time he needs to recoup, and he finally shuts Doflamingo up with one solid Gear Fourth hit.\n In Gear Fourth mode, Luffy is takes one of the Doflamingo\'s building-slicing attacks directly to the gut... only to bounce it back, without suffering as much as a scratch.\n A Certain Magical Index\n Touma\'s right hand, Imagine Breaker, lets him negate any and all things supernatural. It\'s not perfect\u2014things with an outside power source, such as the fire elemental Innocentius, can regenerate faster than he can negate them\u2014but the vast majority of the time he can just punch through any problems. Of course, if one were to, say, sever his right arm, he would be relieved of this power. Good thing Touma is the sort of person who can no-sell losing a freaking arm. In the later light novels, severing his arm just unleashes something worse.\n Terra of the Left\'s power is to assign numbers to people and objects. Nothing can be harmed by something of a lower number. By doing this to himself, he\'s practically invulnerable. This also works in reverse, allowing higher-ranked flour to slice through lower-ranked brick walls. The Knight Leader has a similar ability to Terra\'s, by making the opponent\'s attack power change to zero.\n The nature of Accelerator\'s power means that he can No Sell everything (unless your name is Touma), theoretically up to and including nukes. In one memorable scene, Mikoto is fighting him, and it takes him a minute to even realize that she just used her most powerful attack on him.\nAccelerator: What\'s wrong? Why\'d you stop? ...oh, I get it. That was your killer move, right?\n Acqua of the Back has the ability to "negate the sin of murder", essentially making him or anybody he chooses invulnerable as long as the ability is active. He\'s also immune to divine punishment, because he\'s a completely sinless human.\n Due to her Required Secondary Powers, Mikoto is completely immune to electrical attacks. You might be able to theoretically overpower her, but a standard-issue taser isn\'t gonna cut it.\n Hayate the Combat Butler:  Machina is apparently immune to the most powerful  Isumi\'s incantations. No explanation for this yet.\n Fullmetal Alchemist\n When Scar tries to pull his signature Your Head Asplode Face Palm of Doom on  Father, there\'s the characteristic red arcs dancing around his target\'s head and then... "Interesting, an alchemical deconstruction."\n When Ed and Al decided to try and fight Father with their alchemy, Father simply put his foot down and alchemy stopped working everywhere. Soon afterward however, Mei showed up and her Xingese alkahestry actually did work. A CMOA for both characters, really.\n When Envy boasted on how it was the one who sparked the Ishval Civil War, thus resulting in Scar\'s Start of Darkness and the demise of Winry\'s parents, Ed got so pissed that he calmly walked up to Envy and punched it in the face with his automail arm, which was apparently enhanced by alchemy judging by the emission of red sparks...  Envy simply took it and didn\'t budge an inch, which, in addition to its unusual weight and deep footprints from earlier, clues Ed in on just just how big Envy really is.\n When Kirby tried using his inhale ability on Meta Knight in an episode of Kirby: Right Back at Ya!, he is completely unaffected for some reason. This is likely to hint that Kirby and Meta Knight are of the same race; the list of things Kirby\'s race can\'t inhale is pretty short, but it\'s likely another of his kind is on that list.\n In Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Complete, Cloud attempts to use the Omnislash, his ultimate Limit Break from the game, on Sephiroth. Unlike the original Advent Children, Sephiroth proceeds with evading the first strikes, blocking a couple more, deflecting one strike with enough force to push Cloud back, and finally impales Cloud on the Masamune when Cloud attempts the final cut.\n In Alice Academy, Mikan\'s power nullification Alice has this effect, leading to her being even unaffected by Natsume\'s awesomely aggressive fire powers.\n From Fairy Tail:\n Any Dragon Slayer can No Sell an attack of their own element by eating it and giving themselves a power upgrade in the process.\n The legendary evil-destroying magic Fairy Glitter had no effect, when  Cana tried to use it on Bluenote. The latter even explains that the difference in their sheer magical power is so great, that no matter what spell she uses, the result will be the same.\n And then there\'s Hades, who simply No Sells everything thrown his way.\n Ultear\'s Time Arc allows her to No Sell Creation magic Unless it\'s made of blood.note\xa0It has no effect on living things, to be precise.\n Zancrow cannot be harmed by fire  until Natsu combines his and Zancrow\'s flames into a Yin-Yang Bomb. Also, Natsu punches him hard enough to send him flying, then drops a tree on him, with no effect.\n Gajeel\'s Iron Dragon Scale armor lets him No Sell all of Natsu\'s flame attacks when they first fight... apparently.\n Taken to absurd levels with the Dragons themselves. As everyone found out, anything short of Dragon Slayer magic did nothing to them, even if the person was a Wizard Saint. Even with Dragon Slayer magic, the effects still are far from noticeable unless it\'s sufficiently powered.\n In Soul Eater:\n Stein No Sells in his first appearance where he negates Black*Star\'s Ki Attacks and caught Maka and Soul\'s Witch Hunt.\n Also Asura No Sells Black*Star\'s Ki Attacks as well.\n Anyone with the Black Blood active can shrug off any physical blows. Not so much with wavelength-based attacks.\n Tekkaman Blade:\n The series has the Blastor transformation. When it first appears, Lance attacks, we get a little explosion and Lance thinks he\'s won. Cue Blade standing completely unharmed. Later in the fight, Lance fires a Voltekka point blank. Cue Blade flying through the blast to attack Lance again. The fight ends when D-boy uses Blastor Voltekka to show that Lance\'s No Sell skills are NOT up to par.\n The scene where Blade takes a nuke head on and completely no sells it.\n In Durarara!!, Saika transmits The Virus through cutting people, adding them to its Hive Mind. This doesn\'t work on Shizuo, because The Virus requires that the victim be afraid of it, and Shizuo is only afraid of himself. It also didn\'t work on Celty, but she\'s technically undead, and it might not have been trying to infect her.\n The entire reason why Evangelions are used to fight Angels. AT Fields are basically No Sell fields to anything without an AT field or weaponry many powers of magnitude greater than nuclear weaponry. This allowed Asuka Langley Soryu to wipe out an entire army by herself, after JUST waking from a coma, in End of Evangelion.\n Code Geass used a mecha version of this trope with the introduction of the Guren-Seiten in R2:18. Most of Kallen\'s strategy when she\'s not attacking is to simply no-sell everything the enemy throws at her. In fact, Suzaku actually breaks one of his swords when she does this.\n Toward the end of Suzaku Of the Counterattack, as Big Bad Schneizel prepares to become immortal, Lelouch tries to use Geass on him, but fails because he is now immune and loses his eye for his trouble. One 4koma shows Rolo using his geass power on Schneizel, only for him to shrug it off and draw on the immobilized Lelouch\'s face.\n In Code Geass: Tales of an Alternate Shogunate, Suzaku defeats Matthew Perry by preventing him from using his Geass, presumably with his sword\'s reflection.\n Naruto:\n Oh Crap! ensues when the Third Raikage, who became famous for no-selling practically everything, no-sold a Rasenshuriken, a One-Hit Kill attack in the series. The only thing (we ever saw) that damaged him were his own attacks, something that Naruto exploited during his fight with him after learning about it from a Tailed Beast.\n In a non-physical example, genjutsu gets The Worf Effect thanks to Kabuto\'s Snake Sage Mode where his snake corneas prevent Sasuke and Itachi from using their Sharingan against him, because Kabuto is essentially blind and cannot make eye contact.  Itachi defeats him with Izanami.\n Killer Bee is completely unaffected by Naruto\'s Harem Jutsu.\n Nagato  tanks Bee\'s V2 Lariat without even getting injured. Same V2 Lariat was strong enough to gut Kisame like a fish.\n The Ten-Tails  No Sells a combined Bijudama from Naruto and Bee despite the power of the technique (it can be seen from orbit and the curvature of the globe). And it was only the Ten-Tails first form!\n  Upon gaining mastery of the Ten-Tails, Obito tanks an assortment of attacks: from Hashirama\'s massive Myojin no Jutsu, to even a Enton: Rasenshuriken from Naruto and Sasuke without any or minimal damage. He even tanks a Senjutsu enhanced Kurama powered giant Rasengan from Sage Tailed Beast Mode Naruto and Tailed Beast Mode Minato without getting damaged.\n  Upon getting the Six Path\'s upgrade, Naruto can tank and kick away like a soccerball the Gudodama\'s Madara uses. Same ones that are anti-Ninjutsu.\n Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann: Lordgenome\'s Lazengann has a hidden row of teeth on its abdomen - which, coincidentally, are strong enough to stop and shatter a Giga Drill Break from Simon.\n Anyone in this show can No Sell anything if they are generating enough Spiral Power. Case in point: Thymilph\'s Condemn Glaize or whatever it\'s called. It puts a fair-sized hole in the Gurren and Kamina, but when they combine and are leading up to the series\' first Giga Drill Break, it\'s deflected effortlessly. "It can\'t break this hand!" It\'s a good thing the villains never twig that people currently delivering a Badass Boast are impossible to even scratch, or TTGL would have been a very short and uninteresting show.\n In Last Exile, the Silvana pulls this during its "duel" with the Goliath.\n InuYasha: Toukijin is revealed to be so powerful it can possess anyone even its own creator, resulting in not even The Protagonist or Ultimate Blacksmith from being able to approach it. They try to warn Sesshoumaru away from the sword saying it\'s too dangerous to touch, but he picks it up anyway. Sesshoumaru immediately chastises the sword for trying to take control of his will and the evil aura promptly vanishes in response. The Ultimate Blacksmith is extremely disquieted upon seeing that Sesshoumaru\'s will is so powerful he didn\'t even have to make an effort to squash the sword\'s will.\n Sesshoumaru also completely no-sells Mukotsu\'s poison gas attacks. His primary defense, in fact, seems to be using his innate power to no-sell or his stoic nature to feign a no-sell (i.e. things like Mt Hakurei\'s holy shield and Tessaiga\'s no-youkai aura do hurt him, but he doesn\'t acknowledge them).\n During the Final Battle of the ultimate arc in Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni Kai, a Took a Level in Badass Akasaka mows his way through the Yamainu goons, when their leader finally manages to land a good, solid punch straight to his ribcage. Akasaka\'s sole reaction? "How weak...", followed by a return punch that makes the Yamainu leader pass out even though it technically missed him by an inch.\n In Pok\xe9mon Special,  Pryce, having been trapped in the time stream for several years, is completely immune to Dialga\'s Roar of Time attack.\n In the anime, Iris\'s new Dragonite showed how strong it was when it took multiple ice attacks head on without slowing down.\n Iris\' battle against Drayden had his Druddigon no-selling Iris\' Dragonite\'s Ice Beam and Dragon Rush. It had no business doing that!\n When Charizard came back he had a round with Iris\'s Dragonite. The guy didn\x92t sell anything Dragonite threw at him.\n In a rare case of actually adhering to the type relationships of the Pokemon games the anime/movie is based on, Ash\'s Pikachu\'s electric attacks ended up being shaken off by the Quagsire owned by the Girl of the Week in the beginning of Pok\xe9mon 3.\n In the anime, this is especially frequent whenever legendary Pokemon show up, often crossing over with The Worf Effect when fighting powerful friendly Pokemon. Mewtwo is capable of ignoring and redirecting a Hyper Beam back at the Gyarados who fired it at him, and barely notices Charizard\'s Flamethrower attack, among other feats.\n A lot of the early events of the Gundam metaverse paints the namesake Mobile Suits as being able to do this.\n The original Mobile Suit Gundam had the Gundam be this way, taking little to no damage from Zaku machine guns, due to the fact that the Gundam\'s Luna Titanium armor was much stronger than the Zaku\'s normal titanium armor.\n The Gundams of New Mobile Report Gundam Wing has powerful "Gundanium" armor, able to withstand anything short of a powerful Buster Rifle. Later on, there\'s the Planet Defensors, devices that can form a nearly impenetrable force field, tanking anything up to and including Wing Zero\'s Buster Rifle\n The Phase Shift Armor of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED was meant to be this, as ZAFT did not have MS-sized beam weaponry, once they stole four out of the five Gundams...\n In SEED, the Akatsuki Gundam has this in the opposite direction of the Phase Shift Armor: it\'s more or less invulnerable to beam weapons, to the point of reflecting them.\n A non-Gundam example occurs in Mobile Fighter G Gundam\'\' with Argo Gulskii, the enormous wrestler from Neo-Russia. This is how Domon meets him\u25ca. Sai Saici has the same problem in Guyana\u2014a flying kick just results in Argo brushing off the dust and giving him a Death Glare.\n Gin, Akame, and John from Ginga Densetsu Weed stop Nero and his dogs from picking on Hook, only for Nero\'s lackeys to attack. However, they seem too tough to throw down, and even one dogs biting on Gin\'s throat remarks that they\'re as tough as lead. Even Gin\'s calm smile told them that he and his friends are too tough for them to beat. But Hougen...is another story.\n In Sword Art Online, environmental features are invincible, and display a sign saying "Immortal Object" when a player attempts to damage them. Gamemasters can do the same; the AI Yue no sells an attack from an end-game boss this way, while Akihiko, masquerading as Heathcliff, becomes invincible right before his HP hits the yellow zone.\n Puella Magi Madoka Magica:\n During their fight in Episode 5, Sayaka charges at Kyouko, only to be blocked by Kyouko, who stands with a bored expression and only one hand on her lance (she is eating with the other), while Sayaka is clearly putting all of her strength into the attack.\n Homura brings out an entire military\'s worth of hardware (including a stadium-full of bombs) against Walpurgis Night. Walpurgis Night, after a few seconds pause, resumes cackling madly and causing destruction.\n JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure features a stand with this ability, Gold Experience Requiem, the evolved form of Giorno\'s Gold Experience, which reverts any hostile action against him (even ones he\'s not aware of) back to zero. Combined with the fact that anything it hits dies forever, over and over again, and it\'s little wonder that Giorno was immediately Put on a Bus never to return after Part 5.\n Phantom of Happiness Charge Pretty Cure easily overwhelms any and all Precure who cross him. In fact, the day he battled Cure Lovely and Cure Fortune, he couldn\'t help to admit that this battle would be the first time he drew his sword.\n Mazinkaiser\'s first episode has the titular robot tanking a Breast Fire from a Baron Ashura-piloted Mazinger Z and a Breast Burn from Great Mazinger. Both attacks are supposed to be powerful enough to liquefy metal.\n In both american and japanese cartoons, getting Sonic\'s feet stuck to the floor by some glue substance seems to be a good way of making him helpless. However, when Dr. Eggman does it to him in the first chapter of the Dash & Spin: Chousoku Sonic manga, Sonic just pulls his feet out and gives chase, mildly annoyed that he now got chunks of concrete stuck on his shoes.\n In Unlimited Fafnir, None of the attacks the girls use against the White Leviathan have any effect against it due to its Deflector Shields. Fortunately Yuu figures out a way to utilize Iris\'s attacks to get around them so they can defeat it.\n The Fleet of Fog, the antagonists of Arpeggio of Blue Steel, are equipped with neigh-invulnerable Deflector Shields that let them No Sell any attack short of a nuclear detonation (and maybe even one of those but we\'ve never seen it attempted). Fortunately for humanity, the Fog are vulnerable to their own weapons and one of them is on our side.\n As part of his Nigh-Invulnerability, Saitama of One-Punch Man is effectively invincible. He outright ignores most attempts to hurt him\u2014sometimes not even realizing he\'s being attacked. Most notably, in one instance, he was kicked into space\u2014he crashed into the moon, picked himself up, held his breath, and jumped back to Earth without so much as a nod to reentry burn, escape velocity, and a host of other things that should\'ve stopped him. All of this only serves to depress him, because at that level of sheer, ridiculous power, most of his foes are no challenge to him whatsoever.\n The Dominator cannot be used on either of the Big Bads in Psycho-Pass, albeit for differing reasons.\n Shogo Makishima is criminally asymptomatic, so his Psycho-Pass goes down as he performs criminal acts. Therefore, he cannot be identified as a criminal, and the Dominator is prevented from firing.\n Kirito Kamui cannot be judged by the Sibyl System at all. Due to extensive surgery after a plane crash which involved getting transplants from nearly two hundred people, the resulting clash of biometric data renders Sibyl unable to register him as an individual. The Dominator will not fire on him because as far as the Dominator is concerned, there\'s nothing there to fire at.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Card Games\xa0\n Magic: The Gathering has a few variants:\n "Indestructible" means a card can\'t be destroyed by damage or by effects that say "destroy". Other ways of affecting it still matter, though, as does, in the case of creatures, reducing toughness to zero. Creatures like Progenitus and Darksteel Colossus take it a step further; even if they somehow would die, they go into their owner\'s deck instead.\n "Protection from X" means that a creature cannot be damaged by anything with property X, enchanted or equipped with anything with property X, blocked by anything with property X, or targeted by anything with property X. This can be a double-edged sword, though. Progenitus comes up again by having protection from everything. Apart from board-wipes and sacrifice-forcing effects, nothing can hurt it.\n "Regenerate" works similar to indestructible with a few caveats and usually with a cost, although one Bad Ass creature automatically regenerates.\n "Madness" means you can play it, for its madness cost, when you are forced to discard it. And a small number of creatures will automatically go to the battlefield if discarded.\n Counterspells function as a No Sell to the opponent\'s attempt to use magic.\n Uncounterable spells are, in turn, the No Sell to counterspells.\n Finally there are two cards that instantly end the turn and function as a No Sell to anything and everything that is currently happening.\n Cards like Fog and Holy Day allow a player to ignore an attack from a whole army.\n Lich\'s Mirror and Platinum Angel allow their control to ignore anything would make them lose the game. Angel\'s Mercy gives similar reprieve, albeit monetarily.\n In story Nicol Bolas (or, as some call him, Nicol Badass) does this to Teferi in Time Spiral. He allows Teferi\'s disguised ultimate attack to hit, which should have put him in stasis for eternity. Nicol laughs it off and then rips him into tiny pieces.\n Ertai did it first.\n Game objects that are phased out probably take it furthest, they are "treated as if they didn\'t exist" and ignore everything.\n True-Name Nemesis No Sells anything a chosen opponent can throw at it short of a board wipe.\n Creatures, and the very occasional player, with shroud or hexproof are immune to anything that would specifically target them. A player with Witchbane Orb, for example, can\'t be hit by "target player" or "target opponent", but stuff that says "each opponent" or "each player" will still smack you upside the head. As a pleasant bonus, Witchbane Orb also dispels any Curses you\'ve had inflicted upon you.\n Some creatures, most notably Tatterkite and Melira\'s Keepers, can\'t have either -1/-1 counters (Keepers) or any counters at all (Tatterkite) placed on them. Melira herself makes your entire army immune to -1/-1 counters. All three cards appeared in -1/-1 counter blocks.\n Yu-Gi-Oh! has its own versions.\n A pair of trap cards known as Spirit Barrier and Astral Barrier. Spirit Barrier prevents the player from taking damage, as long as they have a monster on the field, but monsters can still take damage. With Astral Barrier the player can take attacks for the monsters instead. Combined, the player can No Sell literally any attack for his monsters.\n Similarly, Waboku No Sells all attacks for the rest of the turn.\n Vennominga, the Deity of Poisonous Snakes has it\'s own version. Like the Anime\'s God Cards, it has protection from all spell, trap and monster effects, and can remove from play another snake from the grave to revive itself if it dies.\n Some cards like the Xing Zhen Hu Replica or the Nordic Relic Laevateinn prevent other effects to be activated in reaction to them, effectively making them uncounterable once activated. A major offender is Super Polymerization. It performs a Fusion Summon using any monsters on either side of the field, and, as with the above examples, stops your opponent from being able to do anything about it.\n Most Qliphoth have the effect that, when normal summoned, are unaffected by the effects of monsters with a lower level/rank. Taken Up to Eleven with Apoqliphoth Killer, who has the aforementioned effect and is Level 10, as well as being immune to spell/trap cards.\n Anomalocaris and the Burgesstoma traps, when summoned as monsters, are unaffected by the effects of other monsters.\n In Cardfight!! Vanguard, there are units known as "Perfect Guards" who do Exactly What It Says on the Tin: At the cost of a discard of another unit with the same clan as it, using a Perfect Guard to guard an attack will prevent the attack target from being hit at all, no matter how ridiculously powerful the attack is. It is for this reason that Perfect Guards are considered staples in any deck.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Comic Books\xa0\n Superman pictured above who set the model for any number of similar Flying Brick characters by being invulnerable to everything under then sun and then some.\n Originally this was described as "nothing less then a bursting shell" could pierce his skin but Power Creep over the years has upgraded this such that anything less powerful then nuclear weapons doesn\'t have a prayer and even those can be no more then a mild inconvenience. This has also directly resulted in the birth of Kryptonite and other weaknesses and why Kryptonite Is Everywhere as creators struggle to challenge Superman and indirectly probably why there is an entire range of villains and heroes almost as powerful to provide rivals Superman can\'t just curb stomp. Special mention goes to magic which is in theory one of Superman\'s weaknesses just because he doesn\'t have particular resistance to it. Depending on the Writer though this seems to come in different degrees where he may not be invulnerable but is still super-tough enough to endure several hits from say Captain Marvel\'s magical lightning bolts.\n Where this trope gets interesting is with his alter-ego, Clark Kent. Superman is no less invulnerable than usual while living as a civilian, but he needs to pretend to be normal to protect his secret identity. On at least one occasion, he\'s shown deliberating how he should best sell an incoming attack so as not to let an aggressor know who he is. When The Joker is swinging a massive mallet at his (Clark\'s) head, Supes spends several panels (a fraction of a second mid-swing, in real-time) trying to decide how best to sell the attack. He has some difficulty since he\'s never witnessed the aftereffects of such a thing, and eventually realizes that getting hit square in the head like that would kill most people, so he needs to act like the mallet just barely grazed him instead.\n In the Legion of Super-Heroes comics, Nemesis Kid\'s ability to adapt to his enemy\'s powers is frequently applied this way. And in the LSV War, Blok was suddenly revealed to be immune to telepathic abilities after the villain Esper Lass tried to control his mind: "I am BLOK, Esper Lass... and your power has no claim on me!" Umm, since when?\n Mutant siblings (or other close relatives) in the Marvel Universe are sometimes unaffected by each other\'s abilities. Sometimes even when that would make no physical sense...\n Trauma\'s fear based shapeshifting powers failed when he tried to use them against Norman Osborn and The Hood because the source of the Hood\'s power, the Dread Demon Dormammu, has a ceasefire agreement with the source of Trauma\'s power, his own father the dream demon Nightmare. Trauma once tried to use his powers against the Incredible Hulk, transforming into the Abomination, into the Juggernaut, into Brian Banner, and even Bruce Banner, none of them even giving the Hulk pause. When questioned as to why he was immune, Hulk put it simply; he has no fear.\n The Quiz, a member of the Brotherhood of Dada (opponents of the Doom Patrol) has "every superpower you haven\'t thought of yet", which means just that - she can give herself any power, but her opponent can No Sell it just by thinking of it... unfortunately, while he does that, she\'ll just think up a few other powers to continue with. Also, she can easily No Sell her opponents by coming up with a unique power that counters theirs; she defeated the Negative Man with "power to conjure spirit-proof jars" and trapping the negative spirit inside.\n The second issue of US-1 featured an ordinary trucker who was tough enough to completely ignore being hit in the head with a wrench.\n This is one of Popeye\'s trademarks. The sailor\'s ability to take punishment has stymied more foes than his ability to dish it out. In one memorable instance, Popeye gets shot in the stomach at point-blank range, only to spit the bullets out into his hand. As he tells his stupified attacker, "What, didja think I was a softy?"\n The Forgotten Realms comics had a brief demonstration of magic immunity and circumvention thereof. It ran thusly:\nNameless Cyricist: Give up! I cannot be harmed by your spells. Elminster: Perhaps so. But are you equally immune to falling masonry? Nameless Cyricist: [Oh Crap! + Big "NO!"]\n One recurring method of Easy Evangelism in Chick Tracts is when a follower of a non-Christian religion that worships demons sics them at the pure innocent Christian du-jour, only for God to ward of the attack completely. This usually prompts the Magical Minority to approach the Christian and ask what kind of awesome God he has. It should be noted that, as far as we know, this is supposed to be a realistic portrayal of the real world.\n Subverted in Rising Stars. A supposedly invincible character who feels no pain is shown to be terribly useless. Just because he was invulnerable didn\'t mean that he could stay standing when hit; he just wouldn\'t feel pain. And then he was murdered when someone taped him to a chair and tied a plastic bag over his head while he slept. He wasn\'t able to tell anything was going on, so he asphyxiated.\n Played more straight later on: It turns out that whenever a "Special" dies, the remainder get more powerful. So by the time there\'s only a few dozen left (After a series of murders, then super-human battles, then military strikes), they\'re all Flying Bricks who can take anything... except for an EMP blast which short-circuits their powers.\n The tactic itself is discussed in a Tangled Web of Spider-Man story starring Crusher Hogan, the wrestler who Peter Parker beat when he first got his powers. Hogan, a shooter, is unhappy with his opponent no-selling his hits for the crowd and threatens to break his arms if it keeps happening.\n The classic Spider-Man vs Wolverine comic ends with Spidey fighting Wolverine in an East German graveyard. Spider-Man is legitimately pissed off, and trying to pummel Wolverine, but: "I\'m hitting him hard enough to wreck cars... and I can\'t get him to stop smiling."\n Used in a 2000 AD Judge Dredd story when the titular judge is fighting an other-dimensional being known as Judge Fear, whose "hat" is to kill by revealing its face which causes the person seeing the face of fear to die of fright. Judge Fear tries it on Judge Dredd.\nJudge Fear: Gaze into the face of fear! Judge Dredd: Gaze into the fist of Dredd! [punches Fear in the face]\n In one of the Intercontinuity Crossovers comics of Judge Dredd / Batman, the ectoplasmic Judge Death is released from his captivity by The Joker, but tries to possess his body as a reward. It doesn\'t work out; Judge Death gives up when he\'s not quite sure how to control a mind as deranged as the Joker\'s. Joker instead convinces him that they should team up, and Death turns him into a fifth Dark Judge to use the Joker\'s "talents" in a more useful way.\n In the original quest of ElfQuest, when Cutter first meets the annoying, fairy-like Preserver, Petalwing, he threatens to crush it if it doesn\'t behave. Petalwing laughs and invites Cutter to try. He does, to no effect. Switching the threat to Petalwing\'s wings however...\n Petalwing: Hee Hee Heeee! Highthing can\'t squash Petalwing! Try! Try! Narration: Cutter squeezes the tiny creature with all his might! Cutter: Umph! Your skin\'s as tough as thick leather! [other preservers begin to attack Cutter] Cutter: Stop it, or I\'ll pull this one\'s wings off! Petalwing: Ooohh \u2014 Poor Petalwing! Don\'t pull! Don\'t pull!\n In John Byrne\'s Batman/Captain America crossover, The Joker hits the Red Skull with a dose of his Joker Venom (which leaves its dead victim with Joker-like grins on their faces), while the Skull fires a dose of his Dust of Death (which leaves its victims\' heads reddened and shriveled, resembling red skulls) at the Joker. After brief coughing fits, they realized that their respective poisons are both similar in make-up and long-term exposure to their own trademark weapons has left them immune to each other\'s poisons.\n When written right, this is what makes the Juggernaut such a fearsome foe - with power of Cyttorak, he becomes the unstoppable force the moment he starts moving. This is why, especially in the early days, everyone made a scramble to remove his helmet and hit him with a psychic blast as everything else didn\'t work.\n In his first appearance in Preacher, the Saint of Killers No-Sold a pick-up truck being driven into him at high speed (the bodywork just crumpled around him). He was similarly dismissive of dozens of cops and soldiers repeatedly shooting him and attacking him. It really gets turned Up to Eleven in the sixth volume when he shrugs off direct hits from tanks rounds, and shortly afterward he topped even this, by No-Selling a nuclear warhead to the face.\n In Atomic Robo volume 7, Val Akilinov is completely immune to the deleterious effects of alcohol. Why? She\'s Russian. At one point, a character who\'s had less to drink than her concludes she\'s too inebriated to fly and hands the plane controls over to Val.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Fan Fiction\xa0\n The Immortal Game: Applejack is able to do this to most attacks due to her Healing Factor and some armor that Twilight enchants for her.  Then the rest of the Mane Cast learn to tap into said Healing Factor via the Psychic Link created by the Elements of Harmony.\n  Titan later does this to the Elements of Harmony and depowers them at the same time by simply saying no.\n Jewel Of Darkness: Midnight\'s powers allow her to block most attacks, including Jinx\'s magic, though she has to concentrate for that to work. (Un)Fortunately, the new armor she gets during the second arc  built from Ai\'s remains actively neutralizes Jinx\'s magic on its own.\n The metal composing Razor\'s body not only blocks energy attacks, but the strength of the metal makes it painful for anyone performing a physical attack.\n Guerra has a tendency to No Sell attacks due to a combination of his body mass and super strength.\n My Little Mages: The Nightmare\'s Return: Nightmare Moon is so insanely powerful that she\'s able to shrug off the attacks of every mage in Magiville at once.\n Chrysalis, as an Undead Necromancer, is unaffected by most attacks, not even minding having an arrow shot through her brain.  Since Applejack is a Paladin, her attacks are more effective.\n Iron Will, thanks to sheer strength and muscle mass. Rarity is ultimately only able to beat him by  immobilizing him.\n The Stars Will Aid Their Escape: The Stare doesn\'t work on Herald at all.\n A flashback shows that Nyarlathotep was able to shrug off the thermonuclear explosion Celestia used on him last time he showed up.\n  Subverted with the Elements of Harmony, which not only does he admit might actually work on him, when unleashed vaporize him completely. While it doesn\'t kill him, it still banishes him back from whence he came and allows Celestia and Luna time to seal the way he got to Equestria before.\n Cyber Commander\'s Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Messiah features the card Double Pinaska, a Dashing Hispanic capable of negating one attack per game.\n The Pony POV Series: During the Duel of Tears in the Dark World timeline, Derpy is able to use her Element of Loyalty to negate the Pony Puppets ability of Traitor Dash\'s Element of Treachery.\n A villain example, the Valeyard No Sells Twilight\'s Memory Spell, because he isn\'t the Discorded Doctor, but a pure evil regeneration of him. Though Twilight later states that the Memory Spell likely DID affect base Time Lord, allowing the Doctor to return after they kill the Valeyard persona for good.\n There\'s one moment in the Shining Armor Arc that solidifies the Blank Wolf\'s status as an Implacable Man. And that\'s when Shining shoots a flare at it, and the Wolf eats it.\n The Changeling General Hercules has Instant Armor on his forelegs that lets him easily block most attacks without flinching, but most attacks that actually make contact don\'t really phase him at all. Note, this includes blunt force attacks, which most Changelings are more vulnerable. This is most likely due to being the World\'s Strongest Man among his race. When he goes One-Winged Angel, this basically becomes his fighting style, as his armor becomes so tough that he doesn\'t even feel a rocket launcher to the chest. It takes the heroes hammering away at him for an entire chapter to finally break through it and beat him.\n Subverted when the Mane Six use the Elements on Chrysalis. At first, it appears that all it did was cause her to complete and become an Alicorn (as she planned), but it had a different but still devastating effect on her: giving her a heart.\n Maim de Maim\'s version of Nui Harime does just this to several clips of assault rifle rounds; the kinds and number that would render a human body a heaping pile of mush. She\'d be dead if she didn\'t have Life Fibers in her DNA. Later on, Satsuki does this to everything that one Evelyn Adams tried when the latter tried to kill her and the former shrugged it all off for the same reasons above.\n Light and Dark The Adventures of Dark Yagami has so, so many of these, mostly introduced by way of convoluted plot twists. One of the simplest is that Blud is immune to poison because he is the king. One of the more complicated is that a Royal Death Note cannot be used to kill someone in the past unless their name would have been written in it in all possible futures.\n In the Touhou/Pok\xe9mon crossover Monsters In Paradise, Flandre is unable to "kyuu" (translation: explode by concentrating magical energy) Skarmory because of his Sturdy ability, that negates one-hit KOs.\n In the next chapter, Yukari shrugs off a gang of delinquents\' Pokemon without even being aware that she was attacked, taking down a Linoone and a Swalot simultaneously (mistaking their attacks for itches to be scratched), a Ninjask (thought it was a housefly), and two Vigoroths (their attacks feeling more like a cool breeze than anything else). And this was after her border manipulation ability was inaccessible.\n Subverted in the fighting game Scarlet Weather Rhapsody and Hisoutensoku, the Typhoon weather effect creates this for both fighters with a twist: both fighters still take damage. They just don\'t flinch.\n In Fractured, a Mass Effect/Star Wars/Borderlands crossover and its sequel Origins, this happen several times.\n Ship-sized example: Star Destroyers utterly ignore the most powerful Reaper weapons that tear normal Citadel ships in half.\n Jack, shown to be an immensely powerful biotic during her introduction unleashes attacks that end up being The Worf Barrage against Sarah because she\'s a Force-sensitive Siren who can shrug off almost anything.\n Sarah gets this again when she appears on Omega; Shepard\'s entire team unloads into her. Her response? You done?\n When the Master Chief appears, he echoes Sarah\'s line, though against a smaller show of force.\n You might think a Mad Scientist would ensure this trope would be in play so that anything created For Science! can\'t harm them. Nope! The Eridians learn this the hard way\u2014and it\'s precisely why they Mind Wipe Sarah because they fall like leaves when she gets pissed.\n The geth response to Flood-Reapers. "We shall not be intimidated. Your technologies and mental abilities cannot influence us."\n In Princess Celestia Gets Mugged, Princess Celestia, while disguised as a pegasus named Sunny Skies, is ambushed by muggers who decide to kidnap her once they discover she\'s nobility. They hit her in the back of the head to knock her out...and she just feels like someone hit her with a pillow. It takes her a few seconds to realize the blow was meant to knock her out and she plays along for her own amusement.\n Before Celestia could respond again, she felt something akin to being struck with a pillow in the back of the head. Oh, right. They\'re trying to knock me out.\n In It\'s a Dangerous Business, Going Out Your Door, Earth Ponies have the ability to Stand Firm, allowing them to tap into the Earth itself to No Sell anything, including  a direct tackle from a World Snake, a snake large enough to have a mountain range form on its back.\n In The Swarm of War, Theq\x92aras shoots the Blood Master with a full volley from a Meltagun. The guy gets knocked back a few meters\x85 and then thanks the Chaos Terminator for the experience \x96 now the Swarm knows what a point blank Meltagun blast is like.\n The Godzilla and My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic crossover The Bridge showcases this trope spectacularly when Anguirus engages Garble\'s greed-grown gang. Whenever the drakes attempt to use their fire breath on a kaiju who swims through lava on a regular basis, they do about as much harm to Anguirus as they would throwing soot on him. Garble even tries taking a deep breath, focusing his fire into a large, high powered cone that engulfs the kaiju. Result?  Anguirus just walks through it unharmed and counterattacks.\n MLP Next Generation: Know Fear!: Starburst\'s Fear Lantern ring has an ability called Fear Shine, which causes those exposed to it to experience and be crippled by their worst fears. However, when she tries to use this on Shadow Wing, it has no affect, since he apparently has no fear.\n In a World of Warcraft story, a Draenei warrior had performed several experiments upon herself (mostly by taking various potions and tattooing runes onto her body) to gain Super Toughness in order to never be unarmored. As a result, when a bandit tries to back stab her, she compares it to being tapped on the shoulder.\n While fighting Tatsuki in After The Fairy Tale Ends, Ichigo realizes he has to end the fight quickly or someone will notice her attacks aren\'t even bruising him.\n In Wizard Runemaster the last 23 Veela use their allure on Harry\'s party. Harry ignores it and Onyxia considers it "an amusing parlor trick". On the other hand, Kudrii and Jessir are completely enthralled by it; Jessir actually has to be stopped from leaping across the table at the Veela.\n Both Naruto and his wife Xanna in Sekirei? Is That Some New Species of Little Sister? are targeted by snipers. The armor piercing round bounces off Naruto\'s forehead and Xanna simply plucks the one aimed at her out of the air before throwing it back.\n The Equestrian Wind Mage: The Triforce of Power\'s holy power enables Ganon to shrug off the Elements of Harmony, allowing him to easily defeat the Mane Six and Vaati.\n At the end of the Boss Battle with Grey Hoof, Applejack manages to recover her Element of Honesty, which protects her from Grey Hoof\'s death magic, allowing her to plow through and defeat him.\n There\'s an earlier example that\'s played for laughs \u2014 when Rainbow Dash is facing Maulgrim in a joust at the Crystal Fair, she bodyslams him full force in the chest... and only succeeds in knocking herself out.\n Done hilariously by Pinkie Pie in I Against I, Me Against You when she reveals that the Mad King Hayworth\'s attempt to brainwash her didn\'t work, and that she\'d just been playing along with him the whole time so he wouldn\'t feel bad.\n Tex does this to most of the mane 6\'s attacks during their brief fight. A few chapters later, the Meta does this much more darkly, even to Fluttershy\'s Stare!\n During a siege in A World Of Bloody Evolution, a traitor marine attempts to set Yang on fire with a heavy flamer. Considering Yang fights by setting herself on fire, this does absolutely nothing other than amuse her.\n In The Passing of the Shades of Black, Xander is shown to be completely immune to neuralyzers due to a rare gene.\n In Sonic X: Dark Chaos, Maledict is basically immune to Super Sonic, Super Shadow, and Super Eric combined. Needless to say, it\'s a Curb-Stomp Battle when they actually do fight in Episode 64.\n In Guardian, Lady Ginnem\'s pilgrimage meets a fatal end in Yojimbo\'s Cavern when they encounter a skeletal monster that brushes aside every attack she, Lulu, and her Warrior Monk sister can throw at it, including Shiva. The best they can do is ensure Lulu\'s escape.\n In The Witch of the Everfree, Nightmare Moon\'s magical aura is sufficiently powerful to absorb everything Sunset Shimmer throws at her before it even hits her, at least until Sunset realizes what\'s going on.\n In Thousand Shinji, a Rubric Marine took a missile to his face during the siege of NERV. It didn\'t even slow him down.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Films \u2014 Animated\xa0\n Disney:\n In Aladdin: The Return of Jafar, first thing Jafar does upon coming back to Agrabah is completely own Genie, ignoring everything the blue guy throws at him while singing You\'re Only Second Rate.\n In Hercules, Hades agrees to let Hercules dive into the pool of ghosts at the center of the underworld, so he can retrieve the soul of his deceased girlfriend Megara. Hades casually "forgets" to mention the ghost pool applies Rapid Aging to anyone who enters. Hercules dives in, he becomes noticeably old and wrinkled, his lifespan shortens, the Fates prepare to cut his life thread.. And then suddenly the aging is a No Sell on Hercules, as he has become a god because of his heroic actions, and gods are immortal.\n Subtly in The Princess and the Frog: Dr. Facilier\'s charisma and persuasion is a No Sell on Tiana, while it was effective on every other character he used it on. The fact that Dr. Facilier inadvertently showed her father being happy with what he had at that time probably helped in Tiana\'s case.\n Dreamworks Animation\n In Kung Fu Panda, Tai Lung and Oogway\'s nerve strikes are devastating to their targets, completely paralysing them. Po\'s layer of body fat, however, neutralizes those attacks, which comes in handy during the final fight. Unfortunately, it also neutralizes Mantis\'s acupuncture.\n In Kung Fu Panda 2, Tigress mentions that she has spent the last 20 years punching ironwood trees both as a way to work out anger and to toughen up. When she spars with Po, he punches her outstretched palm and hurts himself, and she doesn\'t even blink.\n Mr. Peabody & Sherman: Mr. Peabody is an expert at hypnosis, but he fails to hypnotize social worker Mrs. Grunion.\nOthers\n Played for laughs in The Book of Life, when Xibalba launches Manolo with enough force that when he hits Luis they both go flying until they hit Carmelo who barely flinches.\n Transformers: The Movie: Unicron no-sells a Detonation Moon. As Spike put it, he isn\'t even dented by the blast. You know you\'re in trouble when that kind of thing doesn\'t work.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Films \u2014 Live-Action\xa0\n Once per Episode in the Terminator films. For example, in the second film, when the female security guard at the psychiatric clinic attempts a forearm shiver with her gun, all she manages to do is damage the Terminator\'s glasses. He gives her an annoyed look, grabs her face, and throws her down a hallway.\n Fright Night (1985): "You have to have faith for that (a crucifix) to work, Mr. Vincent!"\n For the most part of the first movie, the agents in The Matrix, then Neo during and after the climax, and throughout the series until he fought the Oracle-empowered Smith.\n Played with in Spaceballs. When Lone Star tries to give the Vulcan neck pinch to one of the Spaceballs, it has no effect. The Spaceball then says "No, no, no, stupid. You\'ve got it much too high. It\'s down here where the shoulder meets the neck." Lone Star then tries again at that location while asking "Like this?", and the Spaceball says "Yeah!" and passes out. And again when Lone Star\'s Schwartz repeatedly and ineffectually bounces off Dark Helmet\'s Schwartz-proof helmet. He has to wait until Dark Helmet raises his faceplate to gloat so he can punch him in the face instead.\n The X-Men films:\n X2: X-Men United:\n Professor Xavier, being the world\'s most powerful telepath, is too powerful for Jason\'s Mind Manipulation fluid to control him. So Stryker puts a Power Nullifier on Xavier and has Jason telepathically assault him continuously... and even then, it takes the better part of two days for Jason to wear down Xavier.\n Magneto performs a No Sell of his own, thanks to his telepathy-blocking helmet: while the mind-controlled Xavier is attacking the mutants of the world with his powers, Magneto is completely immune to the psychic attack that has literally every other mutant on Earth writhing on the ground in agony. For good measure, once he\'s managed to temporarily disable Cerebro and stop the attack, he finds himself face to face with Jason, who makes one final attempt at telepathically attacking him- to no avail; cue horrified stare from Jason, as Magneto smugly taps the side of his helmet by way of explanation.\n X-Men: First Class:\n Charles\' mind reading doesn\'t work on Emma Frost when she\'s crystalline, so Erik uses his powers to weaken her.\n Shaw\'s helmet, later Magneto\'s, enables him to protect himself from Xavier\'s abilities. In the climax, he enters a psychic-proof chamber in his submarine, and he still wears the helmet. This turns out to be a perfectly sensible precaution.\n Inverted in Serenity, when Mal sells a nerve-cluster blow that doesn\'t actually affect him in order to fool his opponent.\n Star Wars:\n The Empire Strikes Back: Han shoots first when he sees Vader. The Dark Lord just catches the blaster bolts in his hand; depending on who you ask, he either had an invincible glove or was using the Force.\n In the Radio Drama adaption of this film, Han exclaims (paraphrased) "No way, you can\'t just block a blaster\'s fire with your hand!" Right before Vader force-summons his weapon as well. Perhaps this applies to the film as well.\n There is a Call Back to this in Luke Skywalker and the Shadows of Mindor. Being shot at by an army is a concern for Luke, but being shot at by one man is not.\n "Please don\'t shoot me, either." He turned the palm upward in a friendly shrug and let the astonished troopers stare at the only effect of the Force-blunted blasterfire: a faint curl of steam that trailed upward from his unmarked palm. "Let\'s try to end the day with nobody else dying, shall we?"\n The novel I, Jedi shows that one Force power Jedi have is to absorb energy. Corran uses this ability at one point to no-sell a stun baton (by absorbing the shock and dissipating it in the surrounding environment), and it\'s implied that Vader may have been using the same ability in The Empire Strikes Back. An even more impressive no-sell happens later, when Corran absorbs the energy of an explosion, redirecting much of it and the debris directly upwards and away from civilians. It completely exhausts him and leaves him without clothing, but he survives (with relatively little injury), and there are very few casualties.\n Return of the Jedi, Jabba the Hutt: "Your mind powers will not work on me, boy."\n The Phantom Menace\nWatto: "What you think you are, some kind of Jedi, waving your hand around like that? I\'m a Toydarian! Mind tricks don\'t work on me, only money."\n In the prequel trilogy, both Count Dooku and Palpatine try to use Force lightning against Yoda, who just absorbs it with his hands. (This appears to be a rare ability; Obi-Wan and Mace Windu have to block it with their lightsabers.) They also try to use telekinesis to throw heavy objects at him, but he easily catches them and tosses them aside (or in Palpatine\'s case, throws it right back at him).\n In Superman Returns, one criminal tries to shoot Supes in the eye. The only effect is a little \'doink\' sound. And a flattened bullet.\n Pirates of the Caribbean:\n Davy Jones does this, even going so far as to disarm Will in At World\'s End after he stabs Davy with a rapier, by reaching round and bending the point of the rapier so it couldn\'t be drawn out of his body.\n Jones: Missed!... Did you forget? I\'m a heartless wretch!\n Barbossa does something similar in the first film after Elizabeth stabs him with a kitchen knife.\n Barbossa: I\'m curious: after killin\' me, what was your next plan?\n Variation in Raiders of the Lost Ark when Indy is fighting the massive German mechanic at the airfield. The mechanic obviously feels the punches and grunts with each hit, but he doesn\'t even move despite Indy throwing his fists full-force into his jaw. Then the mechanic delivers a single jab that knocks Indy on his ass.\n Similar to the comic of the same name, Eric in The Crow is a walking example of this, since he\'s a dead man come back to life; while it\'s implied he still feels the pain from being wounded, at least briefly, said wounds eventually heal themselves. Subverted near the film\'s end when Top Dollar and his gang realize that by taking out the crow itself, they\'ll be able to finish off Eric, as the crow is Eric\'s link to our world.\n The Dragon in The Girl Who Played With Fire can\'t feel pain, so he tends to do this to any attacks against him.\n Parodied when The Man In Black attacks an unmoving Fezzick in The Princess Bride.\nFezzick: I just wanted you to think you were doing well!\n Marvel Cinematic Universe:\n Captain America: The First Avenger:\n During their first meeting, the Red Skull is completely unfazed by Cap\'s punch to the jaw. And then he punches the Captain\'s shield so hard that he dents it. No wonder he got a better shield afterwards.\n Then at a later confrontation, Red Skull pummels the crap out of a restrained Cap who retorts that he can "do this all day".\n Iron Man 2: After James Rhodes presents his superiors with Tony\'s "War Machine" armor, Justin Hammer augmented the suit with his own weapons tech, including a bunker-buster missile he called "The Ex-Wife"; in Hammer\'s words, "It takes everything." During their final battle with Ivan Vanko, Rhodes fired the Ex-Wife at Vanko, only for the missile to bounce off Vanko\'s armor and sputter once it hit the ground.\nTony Stark: Hammer tech? Rhodey: (dejected) Yeah.\n The Avengers:\n In their fight in Stuttgard, Captain America\'s best blows barely faze Loki.\n Loki attempts to brainwash Tony Stark by touching his staff to his chest, only for it to harmlessly bounce off the arc reactor keeping Tony alive instead. Tony is, to say the least, supremely unimpressed. It even makes a loud clink when it hits. After a beat Loki tries again. Clink.\nLoki: (confused) This usually works... Tony: Well, performance issues... it\'s not uncommon... one out of five\u2014 [Loki just throws him out the window]\n Guardians of the Galaxy: Ronan emerges unhurt regardless of who attacks him or with how much ferocity.\n The eponymous main character of Prince of Space, at least in the English translation, is fond of reminding his foes that their guns have no effect on him (though he will still try to dodge).\nPrince of Space: When will you learn? Your weapons are useless against me! Crow T. Robot: Though they scare the crap out of me anyway.\n Kung Fu Hustle: In the midst of showing off just how much of a Crouching Moron, Hidden Badass he is, the Beast ends up getting dropkicked in the face, and then punched and kicked on either side of his head in tandem. Other than his face deforming around the offending extremities, he doesn\'t even budge.\n During the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles\' first fight against Tokka and Rahzar in Secret of the Ooze, Donatello tries to baseball swing his bo into Tokka. It not only fails to do any damage, but the recoil of the blow knocks Donatello senseless.\nDon: All right you overgrown, ugly excuse for a turtle! (WHACK!) Ga-a-a-ah...! Y-you know, maybe that "ugly" crack was a little bit out of line...\n Cain in He Never Died is getting repeatedly pounded in the face by thugs in his apartment, but each hit, to their confoundment, barely registers more than an annoyed "Don\'t...!" Later he will be shot point blank in the forehead and remain unfazed, and after killing the mooks responsible, he simply pulls the bullet out of his head with pliers, explaining that if he leaves it in, it will give him migraines.\n In Hudson Hawk, Anna Baragli pulls a gun on Kaplan\'s crew; but the agents, particularly Almond Joy, are completely unthreatened, and Almond Joy calmly disables Anna with a knockout dart. Almond Joy and the rest of the crew know that  Anna is a nun and wouldn\'t shoot anyone.\n Bane in The Dark Knight Rises is fond of doing this. At the start of his first fight with Batman, he doesn\'t even try to block or dodge his first punches, and just shrugs them off. Batman\'s attempts to use smoke grenades and hide in the shadows are similarly unsuccessful.\n Man of Steel:\n Clark\'s shirt catches on fire after saving workers from a failing oil rig. The fireproof Clark remains unfazed.\n Zod barely notices being hit by falling debris. Bullets simply bounce off all the Kryptonians without even making them flinch. However, the A-10\'s Gatling guns were able to temporarily stun all three caught in their path.\n In Batman & Robin Poison Ivy uses her pheromone powers to get others to obey. When Mr. Freeze takes the diamond from her and she tries it on him, Freeze points out it doesn\'t work on a coldhearted individual like himself.\n White Chicks has two sisters who get passed over for a modeling gig and try to seduce the fashion designer, only for him to sneer at them:\n Designer: You are so barking up the wrong tree.\n Near the ending of Con Air, Poe walks towards the Big Bad who destroyed his peaceful ride home. A nearby con raises his gun and shoots at the striding Poe, who gets hit in the upper arm. He just keeps walking and kicks the con\'s ass.\n In Star Trek Into Darkness, Kirk attempts a No-Holds-Barred Beatdown on John Harrison after Harrison surrenders to him on Qo\'noS, but is unable to even bruise him. Later, Spock attempts to subdue him with both a Vulcan nerve pinch and a Mind Meld - this time, he screams in pain but powers through it anyway.\n In Kick-Ass 2, Hit-Girl\'s fight with Mother Russia turns into this. Hit-Girl brings out literally every trick in her arsenal and none of it does anything.  It takes an adrenaline shot and several dozen glass shards for her to do anything.\n Rodan shrugs off Godzilla\'s Atomic Heat Ray; even laughing at him, in Ghidorah The Three Headed Monster.\n In Godzilla (2014), the MUTO\'s are only mildly annoyed by even the heaviest ordnance the military can bring to bear. Godzilla, on the other hand, simply doesn\'t even notice when humans are attacking him.\n Master Pain/Betty\'s Establishing Character Moment in Kung Pow! Enter the Fist has him being struck repeatedly. Especially in the balls. Multiple times. And he shrugs it off. Then, asks for a towel to wipe himself off. When The Chosen One tries this, it goes horribly wrong.\n In RoboCop, a perp tries to kick Murphy in the balls while resisting arrest. Since his entire body is covered in metal armor, obviously this doesn\'t work.\n Back to the Future Part II: In 2015, Marty McFly tries to use the "Hey, what\'s that?!" move on Griff Tannen, Biff\'s grandson, who simply intercepts his fist thanks to bionic implants. Marty only escapes by kicking him in the groin.\n The aliens in Independence Day are able to shrug off all of humanity\'s weapons. Even nuclear bombs, despite a brief Hope Spot, prove completely ineffective. At least, until they find a way to get through their energy shields.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Literature\xa0\n Valek in Maria Snyder\'s Ixia and Sitia books is immune to all magic, but has no magical power himself.\n This was Lord Raith\'s power in The Dresden Files, in addition to the usual abilities of a White Court vampire; he\'s basically immune to magic. As it turned out, Harry\'s mother managed to get through his protection with her Death Curse, and used it to make him unable to feed.\n Outsiders, the local eldritch abominations, are immune to everything. Harry\'s mother seems to have known how to beat this one, too- Harry is one of the only people who can hurt them due to something about the circumstances of his birth, which she is implied to have deliberately engineered.\n A lot of powerful sidhe are partially or completely immune to magic. This can be gotten around, such as the time Harry lit an ogre on fire by lighting a can of Sterno and throwing that at it, or by using a power source that does affect them, as when he channels the fire of the Summer Court to blast the everloving bejeezus out of a powerful Winter fae.\n In the Twilight novels, Bella is immune to Edward\'s telepathy, although he can sense everyone else. This is part of her allure for him.\n The jordain from Halruaa (The Magocracy in Forgotten Realms), are almost totally immune to magic \u2014 only the strongest spells can penetrate their resistance. And, of course, they have Magehounds capable of piercing a lot of magic resistance, in case some jordaini goes rogue. One of protagonists of Counselors and Kings is the product of a jordaini birth gone awry: she possesses both magic and resistance to it. Of course, Game Breaker and much Hilarity Ensues.\n In the Star Wars Expanded Universe, the Yuuzhan Vong are immune to The Force. They can\'t be sensed, the Jedi Mind Trick is useless, and they can\'t be touched by telekinesis. However, Force Lightning works just fine, and experienced Force-users can simply attack them indirectly with telekinetically thrown objects. This is because the sentient planet that they lived on forcibly stripped the entire species from the Force. You can use the Force to, say, throw something at them, because you are using the Force on the object but you can\'t, for example, sense them because there is literally nothing to sense. Though a few Jedi eventually find a way to do so anyway by tapping into a different facet of the Force.\n And occasionally their being a Force blank actually backfires: if a Jedi can see a disguised Yuuzhan Vong but can\'t sense him with the Force, the infiltrator may consider his cover blown.\n Fanny Price of Mansfield Park is the only woman in the world so far whom Handsome Lech Henry Crawford finds immune to his charm (although "she felt his powers"), leading to I Love You Because I Can\'t Control You (this being Jane Austen, though, Reality Ensues). The parody mash-up Mansfield Park and Mummies expands on this and makes Fanny the only human immune to Mary Crawford\'s (now a vampire) hypnotic powers.\n Later books in the Sword of Truth series has people immune to magic turn up. The infamous evil pacifists fit into this category.\n In The Lord of the Rings:\n Tom Bombadil is shown to be completely immune to the corrupting powers of the One Ring, as well as its more practical effects like invisibility. This turns out to be a case of Blessed with Suck for Frodo and the other Hobbits; they can\'t ask Tom to keep the One Ring safe for them, because he\'s so disinterested in its power that he\'d likely forget about it and leave it somewhere.\n Impressively, Faramir isn\'t tempted by the Ring\'s power either, even when he learns Frodo has it and is in a position to easily take it from him. This is in stark contrast to his older brother Boromir, who was always seen as stronger than Faramir but was corrupted by the Ring.\n Sam is likewise unaffected despite much longer exposure. In his case we actually see the ring try to corrupt him, only to utterly fail when it can\'t think of anything to tempt him with that he actually wants. All it can offer is power, and power is worth less to him than what\'s already waiting back home.\n In "The Double Shadow" by Clark Ashton Smith, this is the primary power of the Eldritch Abomination that Avyctes summons. None of his magic has the slightest effect on it, and none of his usual familiars can even perceive it.\n For most of the first book of the Xanth series, Bink\'s  quasi-sentient magical talent,  being unable to be harmed by magic prevents people from coming to understand its nature by working entirely through Contrived Coincidence, and so was unknown to everyone in the story, including Bink. In the climactic scene however, Bink\'s talent decides it is necessary that a particular antagonistic character figure it out, and causes the antagonist\'s magic attack to fail in rather un-subtle example. The character in question was sufficiently powerful and versatile that there was no subtle way left to thwart his magic, so Bink\'s talent had to create increasingly implausible events to protect him. Since the character in question was also extremely intelligent, he had to be let in on the secret because he\'d figure it out anyway. In a later book, Grey Murphy has the ability to nullify magic. This causes a series of would be opponents and other dangers to No Sell against him.\n The Web Serial Novel The Zombie Knight:\n Reaper servants like Hector can do this to many attacks. You totally can wound them, they just don\'t care.\n Very old servants with high synchronization take this even further, their powerful soul-strengthening making weaker attacks bounce off them or even fizzle uncast.\n Aberrations can do this too. Any attack that isn\'t soul-empowered, or empowered enough, is harmlessly deflected by their shadows.\n In Warbreaker, Nightblood is a sentient sword that acts as an Artifact of Attraction, forcing anyone nearby to attack each other in an attempt to steal him for themselves. However, this power is completely useless on sinless men.\n In Words of Radiance (book two of The Stormlight Archive), it turns out that Shardplate is immune to the lightning that some types of Voidbringers can summon. The first guy to survive such an attack notes that he should have realized it earlier; after all, Shardplate was designed to be used against Voidbringers.\n At the climax of Shards of a Broken Crown, Tomas, Pug, Miranda, and Nakor need to get to the enemy stronghold. Standing in their way is the second-largest army in the world. Being the most powerful warrior and the three most powerful magicians in the world, they walk through men and fortifications almost as if they weren\'t there: arrows bounce off of magical shields, soldiers get pushed out of the way by waves of energy, barred doors are pushed open as if they were unlatched, and so on.\n In Please Don\'t Tell My Parents I\'m a Supervillain, Lucyfar (who may or may not be the Archangel Lucifer) is only mildly annoyed when she gets cursed twice in quick succession.\nLucyfar pulled herself up completely straight and plucked the penny free of her dress. A black, burning crown roared into existence above her head, and she announced in a strained but just barely calm voice, "I don\'t know if I\'ve mentioned this, but I am the morning star, the fallen one, the first and most damned child of creation. Magic is the power of creation, children. It cannot harm me." In case she hadn\'t made her point, she clenched my penny in her fist. Flames leaked between her fingers, and a painful knot twitched in my belly. I heard a girl\'s voice shriek in the distance. My voice.\n In the climactic cyborg fight of Heart of Steel, Alistair receives a vicious kick between the legs\u2014to no great effect because everything from the hips down was made of metal.\n This is the basic nature of the primary form of the phenomenon known as "resilience" in the The Bartimaeus Trilogy books, the ability to resist and survive attacks by spirits. The power varies from being able to withstand minor attacks to being able to shrug off very strong magic. Those with additional abilities can also do things such as negate the ability of spirits to hide themselves from human sight and sense things like magical objects.\n In the Rivers of London series, Peter eventually becomes all but immune to mind control and mental manipulation\u2014because it\'s a running joke that every magical creature he encounters tries to glamour him at some point, so he\'s gotten very good at resisting.\n In Midnight\'s Children, Shiva is the only person who can block Saleem from prying into his thoughts.\n Sookie Stackhouse is a telepath, but she is unable to read the thoughts of vampires. Conversely, vampires can glamour people, but Sookie is immune to their powers. However, Sookie finds out that if she gets a power boost from the blood of a particularly old vampire, she can read their thoughts. She wisely keeps this to herself.\n In Zero Sight the main requirement for being part of Lambda Squad is having high resistance to mind manipulation from vampires and other mages.\n The iridium-armored hovertanks fielded by mercenary regiment Hammer\'s Slammers are invulnerable to all but equally exotic high-tech weaponry. As some of the side-exposition notes, few planets can afford to own or produce such behemoths themselves, while \'renting\' them (and their operators) is much more affordable. As a result, wars are commonly fought entirely with mercenary forces on both sides, because failing to produce an effective opposition would be an instant curb stomp.\n In at least two instances in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Fleur Delacour is seen trying to use her Veela charm on Cedric Diggory. Both times he\'s completely unaffected, which, given how unimpressed she is with boys who are, may have been what she was aiming for.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Live-Action TV\xa0\n Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Adam is immune to reality-altering magic, like the spell Jonathan cast in "Superstar". Buffy herself is near enough immune to most a normal human can throw at her, so when Tucker Wells smashes a vase over her head what do you think happens?\n Walker, Texas Ranger: The 1998 episode "Warriors" sees the leader of a supremacist group kidnap a genetic researcher, so he can force her to share her secrets to help him in his ultimate goal ... create an army of genetically superior soldiers that can help him rob banks, murder, rape women and control the drug and black markets. The enforcer of the group is one of their creations, a muscle man whom Walker cannot faze at all, even with his patented roundhouse kick. When the muscle man beats up Trivette and attempts to slam him into a concrete wall, Walker tries to shoot the man ... but he simply absorbs the bullets, thanks to the DNA that allows him to be instantly healed and not be hurt by gunfire. During the final confrontation, the man mountain has Walker beat ... but the researcher shows up, throws flammable liquid in his face and then a torch, which sets him aflame ... and stuns him long enough for Walker to recover and finally dropkick him to his death (out a plate-glass window and into a storage area conveniently full of gasoline barrels).\n The Wonder Years: In the 1989 episode "Fate," Kevin tries standing up for Winnie\'s honor when - upon learning that her (temporary) boyfriend, Billy, the school bully - has been bad-mouthing her behind her back. Kevin confronts Billy and tells him to knock it off. Billy does a "says who?" act, after which Kevin slugs him with an uppercut ... that doesn\'t even faze Billy. Of course, Kevin gets the hell kicked out of him, before Billy calls him pathetic and he and his buddies leave Kevin writhing in pain.\n Family Matters: In Season 2\'s "Requiem for an Urkel," the nerd fights school bully Willie Fuffner in a boxing match at the local gym. On Carl\'s advice, Urkel delivers his patented "Urkel Uppercut" when he sees an opening. It is Urkel\'s only offense the entire match, delivered with all of his strength and weight ... and Fuffner just stands there and smiles. (Fuffner then pounds Urkel until several other boys in the gym stand up to the bully, forcing him to run.)\n Peter, Sylar, and  Arthur Petrelli of Heroes are all at one point or another able to resist being affected by other people\'s powers. Justifiable since most of them already have those powers, but still jarring in that it shows just how much of the Super Power Lottery they\'ve all won. The example that stands out the most by far is Sylar versus Eden. Sylar is in captivity, and imprisoned in a cell with a large glass window with a small slot through which items can be passed. Eden enters with a gun, and then uses her Compelling Voice to command him to take the gun and kill himself. Sylar just ignores the order completely, and then telekinetically smashes Eden through the window. She then takes the gun and shoots herself, instead, to keep him from taking her power. Absolutely no attempt is made to explain why her ability failed to affect him, given that it had worked just fine not two episodes ago, although it is possible her wording of the command left Sylar with a loophole.\n Farscape:\n In the episode "I Shrink Therefore I Am," a masked bounty hunter reads the thoughts of the crew for information shortly after capturing them. However, when Scorpius is captured and scanned, he merely rolls his eyes and remarks "That won\'t work on me." In Scarran.\n Multiple characters are shown to be able to resist the Scarran heat probe. In "Bringing Home the Beacon", Grayza warns Akhna that all the Peacekeepers present are immune and John repeatedly manages to lie (or half-lie, at least) to various Scarran attempts at truth-seeking.\n Einstein tends to do this when his guests start getting aggressive; not only is he capable of stopping pulse blasts in midair, he very casually waves away the Scarran heat probe when Staleek tries to use it on him.\n Crichton: Staleek, he can wrap time around his little finger. The hoodoo-voodoo is not gonna work!\n The Scarrans themselves have a tendency to do this when shot with anything smaller than a bazooka.\n This usually happens in Super Sentai when their Humongous Mecha gets a Mid-Season Upgrade. Cue a shot of the new Mecha walking through a hail of explosions fired by the Monster of the Week, which used to work against the old model. Also happens in reverse during the finale of Power Rangers Turbo, in which the incredibly powerful Goldgoyle casually shrugs off the initial attacks, two finishers and a massive explosion. He\'s literally indestructible  until TJ takes him out from the inside.\n Angel is able to resist the misogyny-inducing touch of Billy because as a vampire he had already lost the hatred and anger Billy brought out in other men.\n Doctor Who:\n The ID cards handed out to the members of UNIT in the episode Aliens of London turn out to be assassination devices perfectly capable of killing humans, but the Doctor isn\'t a human; he\'s able to resist the electrical current long enough to take the ID card off his jacket and attach it to the nearest alien.\n All Torchwood employees are trained to resist psychic influence, making psychic paper useless against them. In fact, showing them the paper tips them off that the person showing it is up to no good.\n Played with in "The Sea Devils", where the warden claims that his guards are immune to The Master\'s hypnosis, and even shows one guard shrug off an attempt without even batting an eye for the Doctor\'s benefit. Whether they actually are or not is a entirely different matter,  as he\'s in cahoots with The Master.\n Precisely two characters have been seen to No Sell the Master\'s mind-control powers: King Dalios of Atlantis and Perpugilliam Brown.\n Rory Freakin\' Williams. Trapped in a hotel where everyone finds a room containing their greatest fear, he just keeps finding exits. Also, the Eyedrive.\n When the Master attempts to hijack the bodies of all the Time Lords, it not only completely fails, but Rassilon proceeds to undo his previous hijack on all the people of Earth with his super techno glove, smirking evilly all the way.\n The Cybermen in "Nightmare in Silver" can adapt to whatever could previously harm or kill them.\n In The Armageddon Factor, the villain uses mind control devices on Pricess Astra and even K9. When one is placed on The Doctor, he is unconcerned and just plucks it off again.\nShadow: Now, Doctor, you are completely in my power. Doctor: Really? Do you mean because of that? Shadow: (hisses in rage)\n This happens quite often on Supernatural, usually to show how powerful a character is. To name but a few:\n Dean gets into an argument with the angel Castiel that ends with Dean punching him in the face. Cas\' head moves a little from the impact, and Dean nearly breaks his hand. And he clearly didn\'t learn his lesson, as he does the same thing in a later episode with a Cupid, with the exact same result. Even Ruby\'s Knife has no effect on Cas as Dean found out during their first meeting.\n In "Hammer of the Gods", Lucifer gets immolated completely by the Hindu goddess Kali, but when the flames dissipitate he\'s still standing in the same spot looking almost bored. This is after he gets shot with the kill-anything Colt and gets up again.\n Azazel is shown to be completely immune to holy water and doesn\'t seem to have any problems with salt either. Lilith is also implied to have the same resistances.\n A particularly amusing example was Sam\'s nonchalant immunity to Veritas\' truth-inducing powers, and the epic fit she throws when she realizes he can lie to her with impunity.\n A more heartbreaking example happens when one of the Horseman of the Apocalypse, Famine, is unable to affect Dean with his physical/psychological hunger-inducing powers because Dean has spent time being slowly and systematically broken throughout the entire series that in Famine\'s words, he\'s already dead inside.\n In The 4400, Isabelle is often immune to other characters\' powers. Notably Shawn is unable to kill her when he tries in one episode. However, Jordan is immune to her powers, as well as to Graham\'s, the Messiah kid in The Wrath of Graham. Jordan can also take away their powers.\n Happens in Stargate SG-1 with the two Goa\'uld Ha\'taks who reach Earth\'s orbit. The Pentagon orders the launch of two ICBMs modified for orbital travel and whose nuclear warheads are enhanced with naquadah. The Goa\'uld notice the incoming missiles and raise their Deflector Shields. The warheads explode, dealing absolutely no damage to the ships. Anubis pulls several of these by enhancing standard Goa\'uld shields with Ancient technology, allowing them to withstand Asgard and Tollan weapons, which could previously One-Hit Kill Ha\'taks.\n In the Stargate Atlantis finale, the Asgard-designed plasma beam weapons prove entirely useless against a ZPM-enhanced super-Hive, even though they work perfectly well against normal Hives.\n In fact, almost every major space battle in Stargate fits this trope. Weapons in the series seem to work in a binary blow you up right away/will not work at all fashion, and every major Big Bad will one up the last one by demonstrating how useless the previously unstoppable weapons are. See the Goa\'uld vs. Asgard, Asgard vs. Replicators, Asgard vs. Anubis, Anubis vs. Ancient drones, Ori vs. everything, new Asgard beams vs. Ori and so on.\n Star Trek: The Next Generation:\n "The Best of Both Worlds, Part II": after one of Trek\'s first (and most epic) season-finale cliffhangers, the Enterprise-D finally unleashes its modified-deflector superweapon (an improvised Wave Motion Gun that\'s the most powerful weapon any Federation ship had ever used) against the Borg... to no effect. (Then again, it was Worf at the controls...)\n The Borg are basically No Sell personified. Any energy weapons used against them work once or twice, and then they adapt and the attack is useless. Plus their assimilation process means they know everything that their drones knew in their former lives, making existing defenses and battle plans obsolete. When they later suffered from Villain Decay, this became an Achilles\' Heel; they were so dependent on this technique that they were literally incapable of learning anything any other way, and had no concept of tactics at all when they attacked an assimilation-proof species that could get around their shield adaptations.\n In the two-part episode "Gambit", a Vulcan weapon called the Resonator amplifies violent emotion to kill a target, but consequently has no power over those who clear their minds of violent thought. The climax of the episode has Picard, Riker, and Worf no-sell the weapon until its user gives up. This was the reason that the Resonator was abandoned by the ancient Vulcans in the first place; when their culture turned to stoic pacifism, it was useless even in the hands of the few remaining Vulcans who\'d retained the older, violent ways.\n While the actual shrugging off part ultimately isn\'t shown, The Outrageous Okona reveals that the navigational deflectors of the Enterprise-D are quite sufficient to shrug off laser weapons until the enemy energy banks are drained. The Enterprise crew end up being more concerned that the kind of people that would target lasers on them despite almost certainly knowing it would do nothing even if the shields are down would be desperate enough to do other things that might not be quite so easy to just ignore.\n On an episode of Burn Notice, Team Westin is trying to protect a man wrongfully accused from a bounty hunter while they work to clear his name. When the rival bounty hunter shows up at Fiona\'s house, Michael buys her and the client time to escape by fighting the man. Unfortunately, he has about six inches and a ton of muscle on Michael, and he just shrugs off Michael\'s strikes with an annoyed glare. Cue Michael staring up at him with a worried "Ohhh damn."\n A Special Effect Failure version in Star Trek as Kirk is fighting the Gorn in TOS. Kirk hefts a massively heavy styrofoam boulder and hurls it at the Gorn. His outfit is so bulky that he doesn\'t even notice he got hit until he heard the noise.\n In the Series 1 finale of Merlin, Nimueh does this when Merlin shoots a magic bolt at her, absorbing it easily and mocking him. Merlin then plays his own No Sell against a fireball straight to the chest. And then he subverts her No Sell by attacking her with lightning, which she can\'t handle.\n The finale of Blackadder Goes Forth: Capt. Blackadder is expected to go over the top at dawn, so he pretends to be crazy by putting some knickerbockers on his head and stuffing two pencils on his nostrils. However, General Melchett doesn\'t buy it changing the tone of the episode, as Edmund and his men must prepare to battle.\n Breaking Bad.\n In the shootout between Hank and The Twins, Hank unloads half a clip from a handgun into one of the Twins who is wearing a Bulletproof Vest, and the guy barely budges. This is notable as when the Twins tested the quality of the vests by shooting a guy who was wearing one, the guy they shot lived but immediately went down and started shouting that his ribs were broken.\n Subverted in the season 4 finale. Gustavo Fring has just had one of his enemies successfully set off a bomb right in his face. The room is destroyed, but Fring walks out calmly, straightens his tie....then falls over dead, the camera revealing that half his face has been blown off.\n Once Upon a Time: No one in the series has been able to avoid getting their heart ripped out of their chest when someone wanted to. Until "Queen of Hearts," where  Cora tries to pull Emma\'s heart out and finds that she can\'t. And when she tries a bit too long, magic literally throws her out of Emma\'s chest.\n In Babylon 5, a Vorlon battleship shrugs off the Shadows\' unstoppable beam weapon. Later, when Lyta starts abusing her Vorlon-enhanced Psychic Powers, she claims that no one can stop someone who has been Touched by Vorlons. Cue a Dramatic Gun Cock / *Click* Hello by Sheridan, who reminds her that she\'s not the only one who fits that category.\n Game of Thrones:\n In the second season finale, Ros attempts to seduce Varys by reaching between his legs, only to find out that, being a eunuch, he lacks the necessary equipment for it to be effective. The look he gives her can be summed up as "Bitch, please."\n During the third season, Sam tries to defend Gilly and her baby from one of the dreaded White Walkers. Admittedly, Sam isn\'t much of a warrior, but his first attempt at actually fighting ends with the White Walker grabbing his sword in mid-swing, thermal-shocking the metal blade so much it reverberates and shatters, and then swatting Sam aside (no small feat considering Sam\'s girth).\n In The Twilight Zone (1959) episode "Steel", human boxing has been outlawed and replaced with rumbling robots with human-like features. The manager of a broken-down old machine enters the ring in disguise to win the money to fix his broken bot. His punches do not even make the opponent flinch.\n In Sherlock, when the titular detective meets a stark naked Irene Adler, he tries to give Adler one of his infamous Sherlock Scans, and all Sherlock can come up with is "??????". He turns to Watson, and gives Watson the scan, just to see if it still works. After it does, he turns back to Adler again, and gives it another shot, to no effect.\n Star Trek: Deep Space Nine:\n In the episode "The Maquis, Part II", Gul Dukat is captured by the Maquis and a Vulcan member tries to use a mind meld to get information out of him. He basically laughs it off\u2014apparently Cardassian mental conditioning blocks it.\n Vorta are completely immune to poisons, as demonstrated by Weyoun in "Ties Of Blood And Water". He takes a drink from a heavily poisoned bottle of kanar (which he knew was poisoned), and suffers no lasting ill effects.\nWeyoun (shuddering): Ohh, that is quite toxic...\n In Alphas, Bill proves completely immune to a Hate Plague. Although not stated outright, the implication is that since his power (super strength) is tied to his fight-or-flight instinct, he simply has much more experience controlling himself in that state than anyone else.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Pinball\xa0\n The Transformers pinball has a chute in front of Optimus Prime that tilts up to allow players to launch pinballs at him. Due to a faulty sensor mechanism, however, some hits on Optimus won\'t register at all.\n In Stern\'s Spider-Man pinball, a magnet allows Doc Ock to grab incoming pinballs before they have a chance to hit him.\n Game of Thrones: the Dragon in the Pro Edition (and the White Walker in the Premium and Limited Editions) automatically shoots back any shots made at it.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Professional Wrestling\xa0\n Unlike other performances, pro wrestlers are hitting each other, although they at least try to pull their punches. Wrestlers (in)famous for no-selling include Hulk Hogan, The Undertaker, and John Cena and these men are famous in particular for absorbing their opponent\'s finishing moves and suddenly recovering to full strength, despite being on the receiving end of a lengthy beating beforehand. This was memorably used during a tag match in WCW during the 90\'s, when Hogan\'s tag partner Randy Savage, facing a two-on-one situation, decided to display a little Functional Genre Savvy and hit the apparently unconscious Hulk with his finishing move, the Flying Elbow. Hogan not only no-sold the move but jumped to his feet to help Savage fend off their opponents, as if Savage\'s elbow had been turned into a Healing Shiv.\n Rarely seen in WWE but fairly common elsewhere is the "delayed sell", where a wrestler no-sells a move long enough to deliver his own equally devastating move before collapsing.\n In his heyday, Ric Flair was known for taking a devastating hit and keeping his feet, nonchalantly taking a few steps before literally face faulting.\n Hulk Hogan made it part of his persona as well. The first step in his "Hulking Up" process is to start no-selling everything. After that, it\'s all over.\n In the aftermath of Hogan\'s first major starring role in the 1989 movie No Holds Barred (a professional wrestler battles a corrupt television producer), a storyline was devised to pit Hogan against co-star Tiny Lister Jr., in Lister\'s role of man-monster Zeus, in a "real life" feud. (The explanation being that "Zeus" was annoyed and jealous over Hogan\'s star billing.) Zeus the wrestler made several appearances at wrestling cards, usually to interfere in matches involving Hogan and his friend, Brutus Beefcake, and the trope came into play when Hogan and/or Beefcake would try to fight off Zeus ... but Zeus would stand there, absorb the blows and smile as though he were not hurt! Eventually, a match was set up for SummerSlam 1989, with Hogan-Beefcake taking on Zeus and Randy Savage (with whom Hogan had been feuding, and Beefcake starting that spring); Zeus initially no-sold everything Hogan and Beefcake threw his way, but eventually they figured out his lone weak spot: if you poked his eyes, you could stun him long enough to hurt him. The "unfazable monster" gimmick worked for awhile, but eventually Zeus succumbed to Hogan, and in a "final" steel cage match in December 1989, Zeus little more than jobbed to Hogan ... a far cry from the imposing monster that was initially promoted as "unbeatable." (In actuality, Lister \x96 who actually shared mutual respect for Hogan and had no problems with his second billing \x96 had very little formal wrestling training, and Hogan has written in his autobiography that he agreed to go easy on Lister because of this.)\n Quite a few wrestlers use this as their main gimmick. Kevin Nash\'s career took off after he used the No Sell.\n In various shows, Ric Flair will often say "I made you" to Sting. He is referring to the 1988 inaugural Clash of Champions PPV, where Flair and Sting fought to a 45 minute draw, where Sting developed his gimmick of no selling Flair\'s moves, particularly the "Whoo Chop."\n A staple for The Undertaker, where he incorporated the no sell into his "rising from the dead" persona, where he would sit up after taking his opponent\'s Finishing Move. If you see him lying out completely straight after taking a finisher, he\'s very likely about to do this, especially if his opponent hasn\'t covered him immediately. Cue an Oh Crap! face from said opponent.\n The Rock once got Genre Savvy while trying to perform the People\'s Elbow on Undertaker. When Undertaker sat up, Rock kicked him back down and did the elbow anyway.\n Kane, whose gimmick borrows a lot from his kayfabe brother, would do this a lot as well. Kane\'s fairly regular associate The Big Show also does this, especially against smaller opponents.\n Never mind his size, strength, agility and general ferocity, the biggest hurdle to anyone seeking to beat Umaga was his ability to no-sell anything, even something legitimately damaging like a flying metal staircase to the head. They didn\'t call him the Samoan Bulldozer for nothing.\n A weird glitch in WWE Day of Reckoning video game happens when an AI player is hit with a finishing move more than 3 times, they will stop selling the move.\n In every one of the Nintendo 64 pro wrestling games that make use of the AKI engine (which there are several; starting with WCW vs. nWo: World Tour in 1997, ending with WWF No Mercy in 2000), the main counter to striking moves is animated as the character defending himself by simply sticking out his chest and absorbing the blow without flinching at all. This gameplay mechanic is particularly jarring, as it\'s possible to have the little \'ol geriatric (80+ years old!) Mae Young casually stick out her chest and take a direct hit in the form of a full unrestrained smash from a charging 7\' 5", 550-pound legendary Andr\xe9 the Giant without moving an inch.\n According to one meme, Vampiro merchandise is not available in Mexico due to Vampiro refusing to sell ANYTHING there (even the dreaded martinete, or piledriver, which is INSTANT DEATH in lucha libre).\n Similarly, one common snark from smarks is that the only thing John Cena sells is merchandise.\n Subverted by Kellie Skater in SHIMMER, who claims to be "pure adamantium" and "virtually indestructible". This is about as true as JBL\'s claims that he is a wrestling god.\n Related to no-selling is sandbagging, when a wrestler resists an opponent\'s slam or pick-up technique, making it difficult if not impossible to perform. While mostly a case of simply being too green to distribute their weight properly, some wrestlers intentionally sandbag when facing someone they don\'t like. Hardcore Holly was infamous for sandbagging against any and all rookies. This came back to bite Holly in the ass. In a televised match with then-rookie Brock Lesnar, Holly started sandbagging and delivering stiff shots (i.e. real punches). Eventually, Lesnar got Holly into a powerbomb position, went to put him on his shoulders. Holly sandbagged the lift, Lesnar did the move anyway, and Holly was dropped on his neck, breaking it and causing him to be legitimately out for 13 months. Apparently it didn\'t occur to Holly that a guy built like Brock Lesnar would have little trouble lifting him unassisted. On the plus side, no one was dumb enough to try that with Lesnar again.\n Wrestlers who are leaving a company will sometimes do this as Hercules demonstrates here.\n Mick Foley once made a joke at Al Snow\'s expense by saying, "I\'d like to congratulate Al Snow on his lucrative Laz-E-Boy endorsement deal, which is odd, because Al usually doesn\'t sell chairs." However, this was not like most cases where the reason for a guy no-selling is because he\'s a jerk. The joke occurred after a match wherein, after a lengthy sequence that saw Snow suffer a legitimate concussion in a match with the Road Dogg (which neither of the two recognized at the moment), when his opponent hit Snow with a chair several times and Snow just shrugged all of them off. Foley went on to ask Snow about it after the match (when the effects of the concussion were becoming apparent) only to have Snow ask, "What chair shots?", as he legitimately did not remember the whole incident (at least according to Snow, but, knowing Snow and Foley\'s longtime friendship, he probably was being honest). Mick recounted the story in his second book.\n Ultimate Warrior no-sold anything, even Triple H\'s Pedigree. Incidentally, this was a month or two BEFORE Trips was temporarily demoted to jobber in punishment for the Madison Square Garden Incident. Warrior was making his big return and they needed a warm body for him to squash, and there really wasn\'t anyone else available.\n The Japanese wrestlers in Dragon Gate USA tend to not sell anything until they reach their limit, at which point they collapse. Bryan Alvarez likened this peculiarity of Dragon Gate USA singles matches to a live-action fighting game.\n During a cage match between Bruiser Brody and Lex Luger in 1985, Luger did something to displease Brody. Rather than attacking Luger, Brody\'s response was to simply stop selling and stare at his opponent for the rest of the match. Given Luger\'s limited offense, the next several minutes consist of Luger throwing punch after punch at Brody, who just stands there, glaring a hole through him, until a genuinely terrified Luger punches the referee for a deliberate disqualification, hightails it over the side of the cage and escapes to the locker room. Another explanation given by several wrestling experts is that the bookers in Florida, where Luger was wrestling at the time, brought Brody (a legitimate bad-ass, which is largely believed to be the cause of his untimely downfall in Puerto Rico) in to teach the rookie Luger a thing or two about respect. Bill Alfonso, the referee for the match, has since said that the lesson was that you don\'t tell a veteran how to work a match.\n Wrestlers with high-risk styles, such as cruiserweights or hardcore wresters, sometimes instinctively no sell huge moves to reassure themselves that they aren\'t seriously hurt. Two examples written about in their books include Chris Jericho immediately jumping up after a huge blow to his neck (to prove he didn\'t get crippled, a huge fear of his) and Mick Foley no selling a C4 explosion under the arm!\n At Bound For Glory 2005, Christopher Daniels hits AJ Styles with a German Suplex, but Styles gets up immediately showing no signs of pain before flooring Daniels.\n A less obvious example of no selling occurred at WrestleMania XII in a match between Bret Hart and Shawn Michaels. Shawn spent a long part of the sixty minute match attacking Bret\'s arm, but Bret acted like his arm was fine during his offense on Shawn. This was likely due to the bitter rivalry between the two in Real Life.\n Before a match at Ring of Honor\'s Final Battle 2011, The World\'s Greatest Tag Team (Shelton Benjamin and Charlie Haas) beat down the Briscoe Brothers with chairs and their Tag Team Championship Titles for eight minutes straight. Once they were all in the ring and the match officially started, the Briscoes, still bloody and bruised from the beat-down, were able to go toe-to-toe for another thirteen minutes as if nothing happened, eventually getting a clean win.\n Goldberg no sold frequently during his streak and afterwards. He had a memorable match with Glacier where he no sold everything.\n Sometimes this used as a spot to start off a match, such as near the beginning of the Hogan v. Warrior Wrestlemania VI match or Taz at the beginning of his match in Heatwave \'98, and it\'s also a standard opening spot in any match against a giant like Mark Henry, Big Show or someone billed as a monster heel like Zeus. The beginning of a match is generally the most acceptable time to no sell a move, since it makes sense that a wrestler is less hurt by moves when they\'re fresh, especially if it plays into the psychology of the match (e.g. a "get the big man off his feet" plot).\n The sell nothing at the start of the match routine is incredibly common in Japan, even if the wrestler is not a monster but is just somewhat large and sometimes not even then. Lance Archer, whose former gimmick was analyzing and outsmarting the opponent, took to roaring and no selling after heading to New Japan Pro Wrestling, for example.\n At Halloween Havoc 1995, The Giant no-sold falling off the roof of a building after losing the monster truck sumo portion of the main event, coming to ringside without a scratch on him. In the actual wrestling match, Hulk Hogan no-sold Giant\'s chokeslam finisher before the schmoz finish.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Roleplay\xa0\n In Yu-Gi-Oh! East Academy, Haine does this to Gol\'gar\'s Cosmic Nebula Force attack\n Out of the Inferno\n Destroy The Godmodder: Most things used on the godmodder, and a number of attacks aimed at Piono post-MBoA.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Sports\xa0\n According to legend, famous Cricketer W.G. Grace was once clean bowled in the first over of a match. Grace simply re-set his stumps and took block again, telling the bowler, "They\'ve come to watch me bat, not you bowl."\n In Mixed Martial Arts and most real combat sports in general, this power is a near requirement. Showing that you are hurt can encourage your opponent to keep attacking you in that method, not to mention scores points in the eyes of the judges. Also, if you scream in agony while in a submission hold or after a nasty strike, there\x92s a high chance the referee will stop the match and consider it a verbal submission.\n Chael Sonnen was infamous for crying in pain when caught in submissions early in his career; this cost him at least one bout even though he never tapped or verbally said the equivalent of \x93I quit.\x94\n In his match with Chael, Jon Jones nastily broke his toe to the point where it was nearly hanging off his foot; he completely ignored it and finished Chael in the first round (acknowledging it would have cost him the match and his title; had the fight made it to the second round, the doctor would have most likely seen it and called the match as well).\n Randy Couture blocked a head kick from Gabriel Gonzaga in their title fight and completely no-sold it (the same high kick Gabe knocked out Cro Cop with in his previous fight) and stalked him down and finished him. The kick broke his arm.\n Many, many fighters have done Hulk Hogan-style \x93shakes head/nuh huh, didn\x92t hurt\x94 motions to their opponent after a particularly good punch or kick; this is accepted code in the sport for \x93you tagged me good but I\x92m not gonna give you the satisfaction.\x94\n Fedor Emelianenko no sold the greatest suplex in the suplexiverse against Kevin Randleman in 2004 after landing directly on his head and neck, swept to side control and submitted Randleman with a kimura in less than a minute following. Holy shit.\n Roller derby players actively strive to achieve a no sell. Players who can take a block without so much as being knocked off course or flinching are not only excellent defensive and obstructive players, they are also terrifying to the opposing team.\n How Eli Manning won his way to his second Super Bowl appearance in 2011. In the Conference Championship (think semifinal) game against San Francisco, he took a big hit on almost every play and even took 6 sacks during the game, and each time he got up and kept playing like nothing had happened. Despite throwing the ball over 50 times in rainy and windy conditions, he did not throw a single interception.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Stand Up Comedy\xa0\n Robin Williams does a funny bit about gay men responding this way to breasts.\n Bill Cosby:\n He tells a story about "Buck Buck", a game about which group of kids can get dogpiled longer before collapsing. The kids from the "rough part of town" no-sold it:\nWhat was that? A mosquito? A piece of paper! Somebody threw a piece of paper on top of me!\n ...until Bill\'s team brought out Fat Albert.\nWe give! He ain\'t fallin\' on us!\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Tabletop RPG\xa0\n Dungeons & Dragons\n Up to 3rd edition, monsters like Golems and Will-o\'-the-Wisps are immune to most kinds of magic. In theory, this was supposed to give the more physical warrior types the chance to shine, running up and beating down on the enemy while the wizard was useless. In practice, many of these monsters were immune to sneak attacks as well, negating the primary physical damage dealing class (the rogue), while they remained very vulnerable to spells which didn\'t target them but the environment around them - surrounding them with a wall of stone or iron, collapsing a building on them, summoning a monster to attack them, or many dozens of other effects worked on them just fine, and if worst came to worst, the wizard could always just cast spells to make themselves into unstoppable killing machines (frequently by turning into monsters) and tearing them apart themselves.\n Water weirds were nearly immortal. Only one thing could truly kill them, a Purify Food or Drink spell cast on whatever source of water they lived (usually a font or pool of some sort) after reduced to zero hit points. Otherwise, they\'d return at full strength in a few minutes. Starting with the third edition, they were retconned completely, turned into elemental spirits with female features that served as oracles. (Earth, Fire, and Air Weirds were introduced in the process.)\n Amusingly, clay golems are No Sell to fighters, rogues and rangers relying on swords and arrows, since their clay skin resists sharp things. such as swords and arrows and spears. (Oh, and their fists can inflict cursed wounds.) They must take up a hammer or mace, often the trademark weapon of a cleric or paladin, to smash them in with bludgeoning, or let the wizards polymorph into a more vulnerable form, or the wizards can to use Sunfire which ignores magical resistances.\n This was also a trait of the most powerful of demons. In the earliest versions of the game, the Balrog was completely immune to spells cast by casters of sixth level or below \u2014 on top of general 79% magic resistance.\n In the BECMI edition of D&D, Immortals are the equivalent of gods. An Immortal\'s true form was completely immune to even the most powerful mortal magic, and the most that even the most powerful of mortal magical weapons (+4 or +5) could do to them is Scratch Damage.\n In D&D 4e, Gods are immune to anything thrown at them from anything below level 21. Anyone not of epic level, who have some trace of divinity themselves, is completely incapable of affecting the gods in any way.\n Theoretically, sphere of invulnerability or antimagic shell gives everyone inside immunity to most magic. Practically, high-level wizards expect to confront highly magic-resistant opponents (and each other) sooner or later, so they care to get attacks that bypass these things. There are also spells immune to simple dispel, especially curses, greater enchantments and strong magic defenses, and some can even keep out \'antimagic shell\' and/or prevent it from forming, if not break existing one.\n Magic "arms race" of Forgotten Realms produced a few spells compromising even \'antimagic shell\' \u2014 it suppresses magic, not makes a true magic-dead zone (or it would disable itself) \u2014 by working on a deeper level: \'Lauthdryn\'s Cleaving\', \'Lesser Cleaving\', \'Mystra\'s Unraveling\' and \'spell shear\' (elven spell never given in stats).\n The main purpose of \'Silence\' spell is to disable verbal components of other casters. What Forgotten Realms "arms race" did to this one? Introduced \'Vocalize\' allowing its caster to circumvent this specific side of silence. And \'Dispel Silence\' (obviously gesture-only) cancelling silence in the area. And \'Power Word, Silence\', which trumps \'Dispel Silence\' and prevents activation (yet not ongoing effect) of \'Vocalize\', No Saving Throw, but affects only a single target for "the rest of this round and the next" duration.\n Damage resistance in D&D also works as a kind of No Sell, although it is limited to low to mid level damage. Earlier editions (1st-2nd) featured "+X weapon to hit", where any amount of damage from a weapon below the threshold was negated. Worst, many of those creatures were "Outsiders" or "Extraplanar Creatures" (angels, demons, djinn, etc), and weapons were diminished away from the plane they were forged on. Hitting a pit fiend (+3 weapon to hit) with a +2 sword did zero damage no matter how good your roll to hit or damage was.\n Some monsters have regeneration powers, which means that they can be hurt, but recover very quickly from most wounds. Trolls are the most well-known example of this. They cannot be hurt permanently by anything except acid or fire; hurt them with anything else, and they\'ll get up and start fighting again in a few minutes, tops (though some editions indicated that a Coup de Gr\xe2ce still worked, implied to be simply by the regeneration being just slow enough that the troll dies before it can kick in enough to keep them from dying).\n Unlike most spells, which usually give the theoretical possibility for anyone to shrug it off (with a saving throw), Power Word: Kill is impossible to resist that way. If you have a high amount of current hit points, though, you\'re just immune to it. Some other spells can be similarly barred by hit points or level.\n A particular trait of a bad game master will be to arbitrarily nullify the character\'s actions regardless of a die roll if it would upset his storyline or make his Villain Sue look bad.\n Subverted by Paranoia, where the rulebook specifically tells GMs to disregard any and all inconvenient dice rolls, including rolling dice in plain view and ignoring the results.\n The Tau in Warhammer 40,000 have so little Warp presence that it grants them some protection from Chaos\'s mind-affecting abilities, although a Chaos creature manifested in the physical world can still eat them without difficulty.\n More powerful daemons and psykers have the raw power to burn through the Anti-Magic of blanks. This is prominently displayed in the Eisenhorn books when  the power of a Chaos Titan is too great for Alizebeth to negate.\n In previous editions of 40k, the Grey Knights went through Training from Hell to develop enough Heroic Willpower to resist the influence of Chaos, and were so dedicated that none of them had ever fallen to Chaos. In the much-reviled 5th edition Grey Knights Codex, this was changed to where the Grey Knights were simply immune to Chaos altogether, even when wielding a daemonic weapon, palling around with Daemonhosts, wandering through the heart of the Bonus Level Of Hell, or slaughtering a convent of faithful Adeptus Sororitas and painting their armor with the innocents\' blood.\n The Cosmic enhancement in GURPS lets you ignore one normally ironclad limitation and often gets used like this. Static also makes you totally immune to the effects of one powerset.\n Exalted:\n Any mid-level or higher character will most likely have some form of perfect defense, which allows the character to dodge or block any attack, even attacks that are otherwise unblockable. These require motes, so you can\'t use them forever, but it still tends to turn high-level combat into battles of attrition waiting for one of the combatants to run out of motes.\n Solars have so many Charms of this nature that some fans build "Paranoia Combos", which contain as many different No Sell powers as possible. This can get up to lists like "1st Melee Excellency, Seven Shadow Evasion, Reflex Sidestep Defense, Integrity-Protecting Prana, Leaping Dodge Method, Sesquipedalian Loquaciousness Technique, Kitchen Sink Meditation". One of their charms is even explicitly called Immunity To Everything Technique.\n Mundanes in GURPS: IOU can do this to anything "weird", going so far as to turn aliens into guys in rubber suits at high levels.\n Scion gives us Ultimate Stamina. Its use? Pay thirty Legend points and any damage to you just... doesn\'t work that round. At all. Its weaker cousin is Solipstic Defense, where one attack per scene (you choose which one) passes harmlessly through you.\n Berserkers in Iron Heroes have this as a class ability. It\'s described as just ignoring the effects of things like, say, that goblin\'s sword. (And they can enhance this ability the same way any proud tanking knight enhances his plate armor, too.)\n One of the advanced Dementation abilities in Vampire: The Masquerade (available only to characters of sixth generation or lower, which generally includes only NPCs and diablerists) allows the character to completely ignore an object for the duration of an encounter. For example, everyone else may see a perfectly ordinary sword pass straight through him harmlessly, but the character himself will wonder why the unfriendly chap is swinging his empty hand around like that.\n In BattleTech, this was part of what made the Clans\' Elemental battle armor troopers so fearsome against Inner Sphere opponents who didn\'t know what to expect during the early days of the invasion. Seeing odd-looking jump infantry, they naturally opened up with their anti-infantry weapons like flamers and machine guns...only to see their targets simply shrug off multiple hits and keep coming. Even in the board game it takes some fairly heavy \'Mech-scale firepower to reliably take down a single armored Elemental quickly, let alone a five-man Point with random hit allocation.\n Several armor types simply ignore the special abilities of certain weapons. For instance, Hardened Armor will basically deny any Armor-Piercing Attack, forcing the opponent to get through several thick layers of armor to reach the sensitive inner components.\n In the fiction, the Leviathan class Warship basically refused to acknowledge being nuked. It\'s 1.7 kilometers long, masses over 2.4 million tons, and didn\'t so much as flinch when the Blakists tried (and failed utterly) to bring it down with a nuclear missile.\n The Immunity power in Mutants & Masterminds allows a character to No Sell anything if they have enough points. In addition to environmental and condition immunities, the more points you\'re willing to invest into the power, the more you\'ll be immune to. For two points, you can be immune to your own fire powers. For 5 points, you can be immune to fire damage. For 10 points, you\'re immune to any power that involves fire as a significant component, even if it isn\'t touching you. For 20 points, you can be straight up immune to Lethal Energy Damage. At 30 points, immunities start extending to entire categories of Saving Throws. For 180 points, you can make a character immune to everything short of direct DM intervention. For 3 more points, you can even No Sell the DM if you have a hero point. Of course, if you invest this many points into one skill you won\'t be doing much of anything else.\n So, basically...you can play Mr. Immortal from Great Lake Avengers.\n Star Wars: Saga Edition has the previous Star Wars examples, but in game form!\n Various (typically Force related) talents allow characters to No Sell everything from Poison to the Jedi Mind Trick. Specific Force powers like Rebuke and Negate Energy allow characters to reflect Force Lightning or ignore Lightsaber attacks.\n As mentioned in the Star Wars Expanded Universe entry above the Yuuzhan Vong are disconnected from (and thus immune to) the Force. Specifically any aspect of the force that targets Will Defense. Like in the novels, Telekinesis and Force Lightning work perfectly well. Unlike in the novels, abilities like Battle Strike, Malacia, Force Track, Cloak, and any other power that doesn\'t target Will defense also works fine. They\'re also completely locked out from learning Force Powers or Talents, or gaining Force Points (the game\'s Luck Manipulation Mechanic), and any talent that uses them. It\'s not easy being a Force-Immune invader in Saga Edition.\n The ability of supernatural beings, particularly vampires and werewolves, to outright ignore or regenerate from weaker attacks in The World of Darkness games is one of their most useful abilities. Vampires, however, get powers particularly appropriate to the trope. In Requiem and Masquerade both, a combination discipline (or "devotion" in Requiem), requiring both Fortitude (vampiric toughness) and Obfuscate (mystic stealth), allows a vampire to appear unfazed by an attack that, in reality, hurt like hell. In Masquerade, the high-level applications of Fortitude got more and more like this, such as Personal Armor (which would cause some weapons to break when they struck the vampire\'s skin) and Adamantine (an even more powerful version, which made it so that when a weapon broke in such a fashion, the vampire took no damage at all).\n An odd example crops up in the Fate version of Achtung! Cthulhu (classic Lovecraftian horror set in WW2) \u2014 as per their writeups virtually all Mythos creatures have the "Inhuman Mind" trait that renders any attempt to use social skills against them null and void. That\'s right, their minds are apparently so alien that even if you can somehow find a common language to communicate in, it\'s utterly impossible to make a good impression on them, intimidate them, or even figure out their motives. Which enters Plot Hole territory when the same book also establishes several background examples of non-player characters managing to negotiate with Mythos monsters just fine (an at least somewhat "tame" immature Color Out Of Space actually works for the Allied side, for example), demonstrating that while the task may be hard it can\'t actually be outright impossible...\n There are several examples of this in Psionics: The Next Stage in Human Evolution.\n Telekinetics that are Levitating are immune to being Grabbed or Pushed by other telekinetics of equal or lesser power levels.\n Dodging automatically succeeds against grapples, TK Grab, and Improved TK Grab.\n Master Heat Shield makes you immune to having your temperature altered against your will, even by other master level pyrokinetics.\n Psychokinesis does not work on animals, mindless creatures, or other non-human minds.\n Espers with a high enough level of biofeedback are immune to necrokinesis.\n Undying makes you immune to the necrokinetic talents of espers with a lower or equal level of necrokinesis.\n If you can Atomize an opponent, you are immune to someone else trying it on you.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Theater\xa0\n In Pok\xe9mon Live!, none of the Pokemon\'s attacks have any effect on MechaMew2, not even very strong ones like Thunder and Self Destruct.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Video Games\xa0\n Several WWE games have a special "token" which, when unlocked, could allow a player to temporarily (usually for one match) be invincible to an opponent\'s attacks.\n Knights of the Old Republic:\n The second game has a Call Back to the Phantom Menace scene, where you can attempt to mind trick a Toydarian dock owner. He plays along for a second, with even the dialogue subtitles indicating "Success", before he tears you a new one.\n Star Wars: The Old Republic, the MMO sequel, which includes non-force sensitive characters, demonstrates that both the Bounty Hunter and Smuggler characters are not "weak minded" when a Force User attempts to use a mind trick on them. This gives both characters a priceless opportunity for snark.\nJedi: [waves hand] You will drop your weapons, and surrender to me. Bounty Hunter Player Character: [waves hand] You will realize what a complete idiot you are. and Sith Sorceress: [waves hand]\'\' You want to attack the Jedi. Smuggler Player Character: I want to laugh at how ridiculous you look.\n In the Pok\xe9mon games, a couple Pok\xe9mon have an ability called Mold Breaker (or its variations Turboblaze or Teravolt) which essentially lets them ignore the defensive effects of their target\'s Ability and damage them anyway (for example, something with Levitate, like Gengar, could be hit by Earthquake).\n A Pok\xe9mon being a specific type will allow it to no sell statuses. Poison and Steel note\xa0Due to an oversight in 2nd gen, Steel types could be poisoned through Twineedle types are immune to the poison status, Fire types are immune to the burn status, Ice types are immune to being frozen, Grass types cannot be hit by Leech Seed, powder or spore moves, and as of X and Y, Electric types can no longer be paralyzed. Ghost types as of X and Y also are immune to trapping moves.\n Also Rayquaza\'s Air Lock (or its variation, Cloud Nine) ability, which negates all weather effects caused by abilities or attacks.\n And Bibarel and Quagsire\'s Unaware, which lets them ignore all stat changes in opponents (except for Speed, as that would be mechanically problematic in group battles). Unless the opponent has the aforementioned Mold Breaker, in which case, they will No Sell your No Sell.\n Clear Body, which prevents negative stat changes inflicted by the opponent, or Soundproof (and the unused Cacophony), which makes sound-based attacks useless, or Levitate, which makes the Pok\xe9mon immune to Ground-type attacks, etc, etc... really, the list of Pok\xe9mon abilities like this could go on forever.\n The ability Keen Eye, which acts as an immunity to accuracy reduction.\n The ability Scrappy, which lets Normal and Fighting-type moves pummel the Ghost-types that they are usually unable to hurt. As well as the moves Foresight and Odor Sleuth, which is this in move form. Miracle Eye is an equivalent that removes Dark-types\' immunity to Psychic.\n Type resistances/immunities. Just how does a mole take no damage from a lion ramming into it while covered in electricity?\n The Fairy type\'s immunity to the Dragon type is particularly baffling. Don\'t try to comprehend how something like Jigglypuff is now capable of being clawed, sucked into twisters, having meteors dropped on it, or even being subjected to the time-space warping powers of the god-like Palkia and Dialga without suffering so much as a scratch.\n Also, because of how type effectiveness are calculated, type immunities override all other type-vs-type relationships. For example, Electric-type attacks are normally super-effective against Water-type Pokemon, but completely helpless against dual-Water/Ground.\n And then, in the move category, we have Gastro Acid (functions similar to Mold Breaker, above, but with all abilities) and Haze (functions similar to Unaware, above). Clever application of the moves Mimic, Role Play, Camouflage, Skill Swap, Worry Seed, Conversion, and Conversion 2 also could result in this (depending on what move/ability/type is imitated/replaced)\n The ability Wonder Guard takes this up a notch. Unless the attack that would deal damage is super effective, it does no damage at all. Unsurprisingly this ability is often found illegitimately on online battles.\n In Pok\xe9mon Red and Blue, Legendary Pokemon often simply evade Pok\xe9 Balls.\n Gears of War\'s Lambent Berserkers magnify the already extreme toughness the regular Berserkers possess to the point of No Selling any attack. The balance this, however, they take the same amount of damage as a regular Berserker on fire if any attacks are aimed at the chest cavity, and only when it\'s exposed (which can only happen when it\'s charging, which already is dangerous).\n In BlazBlue, any being that exists outside of the logic can No Sell any attack that isn\'t from Magic, Sorcery, Ars Magus, Ars Armagus or Nox Nyctores. This was how the Black Beast was close to invincible, as not even nuclear weapons could dent its hide, and weapons created outside of logic had to be made as a result just to defeat it.\n You can invoke this in Iji. When you press the use button right as you get hit you still get damaged, and you get flung the normal distance, but you look like you are ready to drink a cup of tea once the explosions wear off. It\'s called "Teching", and is sometimes used for accessing hidden areas.\n In Thief 3, the Golems are totally immune to your puny weapons (except explosives) until you get the Rune of Unmaking (for your blackjack, no less). When first running into them, it was rather disheartening to hide in the shadows, line up a perfect arrow right between the golem\'s shoulder blades, and not only have it deal no damage with a pathetic "donk" noise, but the golem doesn\'t even notice.\n In Fate/stay night:\n Berserker\'s Noble Phantasm "God Hand" negates any attacks of B rank or lower, meaning that only an insanely powerful attack can harm him. And as if that wasn\'t enough, it also gives him twelve lives and makes him immune to any attack which killed him before.\n If activated instead of used passively,  Avalon allows the user to No Sell EVERYTHING. From a rain of countless legendary Noble Phantasms to the single most powerful artifact weapon in the whole of the Nasuverse (capable of tearing apart spacetime and destroying the world),  Avalon just ignores the whole thing.\n This seems to be a thing among the family of King Arthur in the Nasuverse. In Fate EXTRA, Gawain possesses an ability called "Numeral of the Saint." It grants him a threefold boost in his power when the sun is overhead, which manifests in-game as taking no damage whatsoever from your Servant\'s attacks. So in order to even harm him, you and your ally have to hack into the Arena, deactivate the sun, and wound him while the sun is out.\n In Sid Meier\x92s Alpha Centauri, the Secret Project The Hunter-Seeker Algorithm renders all your bases and units completely immune to all Probe Team activity (i.e. espionage) whatsoever. Naturally this makes it a must-have for the University, whose emphasis on transparency, freedom of speech, and freedom of inquiry (For Science!!) means that their government leaks like a sieve. The same is true for any faction running the University\'s preferred Social Engineering choice, the Value of Knowledge (same reasons, same effect). It is also a bane for the Data Angels, who rely on their probe teams to sabotage the other factions and steal their technology and energy. On the other hand, since There Can Only Be One of each Secret Project, the Angels won\'t face this problem if they just build it themselves.\n In the Fallout universe, power armor is supposed to imbue to the wearer against lighter small arms, and does so in the first two games. In other games it only gives Armor Class (makes you harder to hit), high damage resistance and Strength (more HTH damage, can wield heavier guns and carry more weight). It gives nothing specific when it comes to critical hits. With the right perk, you can do a lethal critical hit with a thrown flare. Which could normally deal only one HP damage. Even without this perk, you could still do a lucky hit, and blind your opponent. Same for various robotic enemies (or party members), especially in Tactics, but also in essentially all of the other games in series. Small, non-AP rounds will generally do nothing to robots... and certain organic enemies, unless you hit their weak spots.\n Final Fantasy Tactics - The Golem summon blocks physical attacks for three rounds and the Samurai\'s Blade Grasp reaction ability negates physical attacks (and makes the character virtually untouchable at high Brave levels).\n In Street Fighter III, parrying an attack with most characters has the character take a defensive pose. Hugo, however, seems content with puffing his chest and No Selling the attack. Q, likewise, just sticks out his torso, dusting off afterward.\n Hugo is a professional wrestler, so it seems to be an intentional example.\n Muscle Power (another wrestler) in World Heroes did this too.\n In Dragon Quest VIII, the hero character is completely immune to curses of any kind. Because he\'s already cursed.\n In the series, the Kaclang spell turns the user into a steel statue, making it unable to act but also immune to any attack. Among monsters, it\'s mostly used by gargoyles.\n In Donkey Kong Country Returns, DK and Diddy Kong are the only animals in the jungle immune to the Tiki Tribe\'s hypno-powers. One tiki finds this out the hard way.\n In Nippon Ichi titles, you can no-sell enemy attacks by having sufficient levels of DEF or SPD, or by standing on a Geo Panel that grants invincibility. Irritatingly, so can your opponents.\n Disgaea 3: Absence of Justice turned this into an evility. DLC Bonus Boss Tyrant Baal has Tyrant Guard, which allows him to become immune to the first attack thrown at him. He also has Tyrant Cult, which makes Tyrant Guard work a number of times equal to the number of Baals on the field. He starts with three right off the bat, and can summon more from the Enemy Base Panels if you take too long. Pringer X in Disgaea 4: A Promise Unforgotten has this same evility the first time you battle him, later switching to Special Skill Solved.\n Disgaea 4: A Promise Unforgotten has the "Daruma" accessory, which allows the person equipped with it be immune to physical damage on even rounds and magic damage on odd rounds.\n On Legendary with the right skulls turned on in Halo: Reach, the stronger enemies will be practically invincible. Sniper rounds? Rocket launchers? Please.\n In Tales of Symphonia, Presea Combatir can get an ability where she essentially no-sells any attack that doesn\'t do enough damage. Seen here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLjWa7GAGL8\n This is of course, relying in a special ability that only suppresses relatively low damage. With the proper equipment set-up (done on Presea, Raine, or Collete), you can make her No Sell all forms of elemental attacks and spells save Physical and Darkness.\n Hunters in [PROTOTYPE] occasionally no-sell direct hits from a tank - They still take damage, but it won\'t slow them down or otherwise impede their trying to kill you. You can shoot them with assault rifles and machine guns right up until they die without them pausing their attacks.\n One of the things which makes Shao Kahn (and to a lesser extent Goro and Kintaro) an SNK Boss in Mortal Kombat is that he can turn off hitstun at random, allowing him to attack while the player is in the middle of a combo. Combined with his very high attack power and downright brutal special moves, it makes him very difficult to defeat.\n In the Super Smash Bros. series:\n Brawl introduces Super Armor for its heavier characters: during certain moves (like Ike\'s Aether), while you still take damage, you No Sell the knockback from all but the heaviest hits.\n Little Mac in the fourth game will ignore knockback during smash attacks.\n Touhou: Giant beam of death that blows away everything from gods to vampires? Flandre Scarlet doesn\'t so much as develop a cough from it.\n The final spellcard of the final boss, as well as all extra stage bosses are immune to bomb damage.  except in fairy wars - Perfect Freeze works as well on the 3 fairies and Marisa as it does on anything else in the game. Kanako\'s final spellcard is particularly unfair in this manner since against her final spellcard, bombs even lose most of their bullet clearing ability. And she\'s the stage 6 boss. In addition to these situations, there are survival spellcards, which render the user literally invincible, the only way forward is to time it out. All Extra bosses from Flandre onwards have at least one.\n And then there is of course Reimu\'s final spellcard, Fantasy Heaven, which allowes her fly... away from reality, essentially making her immune to everything, up to and including all forms of Reality Warping. Word of God has it that if she didn\'t put a time limit on it in accordiace with the spellcard rules, she\'d be completely invincible.\n Fire Emblem:\n The fourth, fifth, ninth and tenth installments feature the Nihil skill, which when equipped on a unit disables the combat skills of any opposing unit. Seeing as later bosses tend to wield the really quite broken mastery skills, it\'s virtually a mandatory skill for those characters whom you intend to use to kill bosses near the end of the ninth and tenth, especially the Black Knight (who himself has it in Radiant Dawn). There\'s also the Parity skill, which disables skills and nullifies terrain bonuses on both participants in a fight.\n The Eighth installment has Great Shield, which is given to Generals whose high defense means they\'ll no sell anything that isn\'t strong against them. Great Shield takes care of them.\n\n The Bohr Waveform Device used by the Allies in Red Alert 3: Paradox is a machine designed to set up No Sell situations by reversing the traditional counter system, making tanks immune to cannons and infantry Immune to Bullets.\n Deus Ex: Human Revolution:\n The player can pull one of these by  not getting the biochip "upgrade". When  the game\'s resident Dragon Lady tries to shut you down using the backdoor installed, you can just stand there and grin as she has a very small Oh Crap! moment.\n Several individuals are unaffected by the CASIE Aug, or at least savvy enough to figure out when it\'s being used on them. Specifically,  "Quinn" of the Missing Link DLC, who -immediately on your choosing a persuasion option- will chide you and say he knew you had a CASIE mod as soon as it was activated. If you persuaded him earlier in the DLC, he\'ll even go so far as to say he was entertained by making you think your "clumsy" attempts at persuasion had been effective.\n Par for the course for the strategy for MegaTen games.\n Demons have very wide resistance variations, so some demons may come off as counters for other, more troublesome demons. Though the games permit enough skill customization so that enough effort can effectively render any glaring weakness moot, the games being Nintendo Hard means that, of course, some bosses will still make your life hell unless you completely and utterly overpower them, and sometimes even that is not enough. A prime example is the final boss of Persona 3, who has an action that will completely No Sell literally everything you can throw at it until it decides it has had enough fun staring at you with that Slasher Smile.\n  The scripted fight that ends the game, however, has our voiceless protagonist gain enough power to No Sell death itself.\n Even worse with this, however, is Beldr from Devil Survivor. Even on a New Game+, everything you throw at him will fail, all the time, except his lone Weaksauce Weakness, getting punched in the face with a cellphone strap. This essentially makes every single spell and every single character in your entire team useless, except for the main character\'s skill exclusive for the fight "Devil\'s Fuge", which replaces his regular attack. Good luck. Mercifully, it calculates damage solely based on the main character\'s level to prevent situations where the main character can\'t deal enough damage due to having a magic-based stat build. A lesser example from the same game is the Battle Aura auto skill, which nullifies all attacks that deal less than 50 damage.\n Devil Survivor 2\'s Benetnasch possesses the passive skill "Pacify Human", which completely nullifies any and all attacks made by human characters. It also has the power to prevent you from summoning any demons against it...\n Shin Megami Tensei III: Nocturne has the Masakados Magatama, which not only gives a massive bonus to all stats, it will even include immunities allowing the Main Character to literally No Sell everything except for Almighty-type moves. This gets carried over to Digital Devil Saga, in which he appears as an excruciatingly difficult Bonus Boss - still having the same immunities. And in Digital Devil Saga you can have the Null Attack passive skill, which has the same effect as the Masakados mentioned above. Not like it\'s gonna help you against said Bonus Boss, though. There\'s also the Void/Repel/Drain series of skills, which work as a one turn No Sell against a specific element.\n Persona 3 has the Omnipotent Orb, an accessory that has that very same effect.\n As a rule of thumb, though, several types Demonic Spiders in the series have a very nasty tendency to No Sell most conventional attacks. At best, they will be nulled. At worst, they will be repelled. Of course, given enough investment, you can have your private team of Olympus Mons capable of No Selling most enemy attacks as well. Rangda is a particularly common offender- in almost every game she appears (which is most of them), she repels physical attacks, as well as gun if they\'re available. There\'s a Shin Megami Tensei: Strange Journey password floating around the \'net for a gloriously game-breaking version of her someone fused to reflect everything except Curse, Expel, and Almighty.\n Nocturne also gives an example of overcoming No Sells - in the True Demon Ending, you can get a rare skill named Pierce. This skill, which is Exactly What It Says on the Tin, allows your physical attacks to slice past an enemy\'s defenses, hitting them full on instead of being lessened, nulled, or absorbed. Doesn\'t work when the enemy Repels Phys, though. Devil Survivor also has this skill, though it\'s much easier to get.\n Used to show off the Reapers\' superiority over, and contempt for, the Citadel races in Mass Effect. In the Battle of the Citadel, Sovereign is completely unaffected by the massed firepower of the Citadel fleet and makes a beeline for its objective, not even bothering to deviate for an entire turian cruiser, which it rams out of the way casually. It\'s also suggested that this is the usual effect of trying to attack mass relays or the arms of the Citadel,  since they are also Reaper technology.\n In Mass Effect 2, Morinth the Ardat-Yakshi tries to use her mind control on Shepard as she did to hundreds of her victims before. Shepard being Shepard, no-sells it (but only if the Paragon/Renegade meter is high enough).\n Played for laughs during the attack on the Cerberus base in Mass Effect 3. According to video logs after Shepard left Cerberus the Illusive Man tried to have his people get the Normandy back using remote control commands. EDI No Selled the commands and, adding insult to injury, responded by uploading seven zettabytesnote\xa0That\'s 10^21 bytes! In total, that\'s around fourteen Internets of porn to Cerberus\'s servers. She jokes that most of it was Joker\'s.\n By maxing out Energy Drain and Tech Armor on low to moderate difficulties, a Sentinel Shepard in 3 can virtually ignore geth smallarms on Rannoch. Pyros and Rocket Troopers will still be threats, but you can stand in front of a Geth Prime and not even notice any shield decrease; just make sure you keep using Energy Drain, otherwise the buff will wear off...\n Also in 3, the Dominate ability from the Leviathan DLC isn\'t even remotely useful when aimed at Banshees, Harvesters or Adjutants.\n In Dragon Age II, a blood mage during Act I tries to mind-control Hawke. If Hawke is a mage him-/herself or has the Templar specialization, s/he promptly no-sells her spell (otherwise, another mage in the party must intervene). Also, siding with Janeka during Legacy will result in her trying to bind Corypheus to her will. He blocks the spell before he\'s even fully awake.\n In Dragon Age: Origins \x96 Awakening, a number of talents permit temporary invulnerability, most notably the sword-and-shield warrior\'s Carapace and the Legionary of the Dead rogue specialisation\'s Strength of Stone (which can be upgraded to also make you immune to magic). With sufficient stacking of powerful equipment you can even arrange total invulnerability to one or both without using those talents, but that\'s generally considered a little excessive.\n One "Game-Breaker" in NFL Street has the running back become so powerful that he can take hits from the opposing team unfazed.\n In The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, we have the Thu\'um called "Become Ethereal". It\'s meant to make you temporarily invulnerable (and also harmless) so you can escape, but if you just don\'t wanna deal with a hostile crowd and rush through you can use it too. It will negate all harm to you, including fall damage.\n Also the ultimate armor perks Deft Movement and Reflect Blows, requiring a 100 skill level in light or heavy armor respectively. Deft Movement is a traditional no sell giving you a 10% chance to ignore a melee strike. Reflect blows is exactly what it says on the tin, a 10% chance to return melee damage back to sender. It\'s hilarious to see a giant or dragon die from trying to hit you.\n Galactic Civilizations: a common tactic during a war is to raid enemy freighter runs, thereby cutting off their economies. The Galactic Privateer building renders you totally immune to this, so when someone grabs the Conflict Ball the only trade routes you risk losing are the ones that are already directed towards that civilization.\n The Doomwood saga of AdventureQuest Worlds features super-badass undead abomination Vordred, whose main schtick is being immune to light-based magic, the main means of Paladins and others to destroy the undead, rendering them utterly screwed \u2014 for this reason, he is known as the "Paladin Slayer." It is learned during the final showdown that Vordred\'s armor of skulls is how he can No Sell light-based magic, and when Artix blasts the armor apart with the spirit power of his entire undead army, defeating him finally becomes possible by means of pinning down his Shadow form using Artix\'s own Shadow so that he can no longer regenerate.\n Characters in City of Heroes with high enough defense can no sell anything, making a "soft capped" defensive build extremely valuable. Negating attacks is also the hallmark of several endgame Destiny powers, which (in addition to serving as a massive Status Buff) also allows you to no sell an attack for the entire league. (Clarion negates controls, Rebirth can heal through almost anything, Ageless can counteract slow and endurance drain effects, and Barrier just makes you Nigh Invulnerable). The rarely seen "Phase Shift" effect also allows you to become completely immune to everything, but prevents you from affecting anyone but yourself.\n Assassin\'s Creed: Revelations has a rare heroic example: When  the Assassins under Abbas try to use Assassinations on Altair, it only hurts him, but doesn\'t One-Hit Kill him like when he does it to others.\n Mana Khemia: Alchemists of Al-Revis gives us Pamela Ibis, a ghostly schoolgirl whose Physical Immunity skill lets her do this with any physical attack. Her defensive support is even better; it makes her immune to everything. Both combine nicely with her other skills.\n Record Of Agarest War 2 has an Extend Skill called "No Fear" that completely nullifies all damage to the base HP of the person activating the passive skill. Because of this, players found that if you let Eva, Jainus, and Fiona pump up their vitality stat when they first join you then learn this skill, you are practically guaranteed to bulldoze through any damage and come out unscathed.\n Power characters in Warriors Orochi, while taking damage from them, don\'t flinch from weak attacks which, more often than not, results in the character taking massive damage or even getting killed as a result.\n Characters in hyper mode, most notably Lu Bu, can do this too.\n Asura\'s Wrath uses this often when a new enemy is first introduced; expect the first punch to the face to always do nothing. The second massive punch, usually coming after Asura becomes even more pissed off, usually causes some damage, much to the shock of the enemy. And then you unlock the Obliterator Gauge.\n Project X Zone lets you choose three things when an enemy attacks you: counterattack, defend, or No Sell the attack. The No Sell costs a whopping 60-point Cross Gauge which sadly is an Awesome, but Impractical way to drain your gauge (as every ally shares that same gauge). Worse, if your enemies have a 100% Cross Point gauge, bosses and sub bosses will just use their Limit Break, that will just bypass the entire thing and deal full damage against you.\n Runescape: At the end of The World Wakes, Saradomin shows up and tries to teleport you away. Nothing interesting happens. This serves to prove that Guthix\'s last gift to you, immunity to the power of gods, does in fact work.\n In Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, the end of the second phase of the fight with Senator Armstrong ends with Raiden attempting two consecutive rounds of Rapid-Fire Fisticuffs. After the first round, the boss simply brushes off his chest and adjusts his glasses. The second round at least manages to push him back a few feet back, with Raiden shouting in a mix of rage and horror "Why Won\'t You Die?!" This was after Raiden broke his high-frequency blade- a sword that previously cleaved through Humongous Mecha with ease -against Armstrong\'s skin.\n In Marvel Super Heroes:\n Using the Space Gem with either Juggernaut or Magneto will give them special armor that will allow them to take zero damage at all. Magneto\'s less useful, though, as people can wear it down.\n Marvel vs. Capcom gives us Golden War Machine, who doesn\'t flinch when struck. However, he can\'t block either, so he will be struck down quickly if you\'re not quick with your attacks.\n It also has Mecha Zangief. A separate character in Marvel Super Heroes Vs Street Fighter, but a transform in Marvel Vs Capcom. And deadly against then-popular button-mashers addicted to Spider-Man and Wolverine\u2014nothing like rushing claws-first into a Spinning Piledriver.\n In Ys II, attempting to use time magic will not work on bosses, since Adol cannot use two magics at the same time (Most attempts at hurting bosses with your sword will only result in Adol getting hurt). Attempting to use it on Dallas who can only be hurt with a sword will be met with Dallas stopping time himself and unleashing a barrage of bullets with you at the center.\n In Dishonored:\n Daud is Marked by the Outsider in the same way as the player character, which renders him immune to most of your abilities (and vice versa). Even upgraded sleep darts, which drop anything else in the game in under a second, don\'t even make him blink. This has the side effect of meaning that his is easily the most awesome fight in the game.\n The Torturer is a lesser example; he doesn\'t have the Outsider\'s Mark, but is an Outsider-worshipper and thus practices a form of magic that grants him resistances to quite a few of Corvo\'s powers and abilities (though not to the same extent as Daud).\n Daud himself has to contend with this when battling other Outsider-empowered individuals in the game\'s two DLC campaigns (namely  Billie Lurk (who isn\'t Marked but apparently gets Mark-level powers and Contractual Boss Immunity due to being simultaneously empowered by both Daud and Delilah), a dream version of Corvo, and Big Bad Delilah).\n In SD Gundam Capsule Fighter, there\'s the anti-flinch ability. Inherent in Mobile Armors and a select set of Mobile Suits, such as the Wing Zero Custom and Heavyarms Custom, this allows units to be struck with attacks and keep going. Where attacks would usually cause a unit to flail when struck with bullets or melee attacks, these units can take these hits and keep going. Yes, they can still be knocked down and destroyed, but it makes the difference when you can smack them around and won\'t fall and they smack you around and drop you like a sack of potatoes.\n In Forsaken Chronicle, Gage Novus completely ignores everything Kierryn throws at him in their showdown. Then he does the same thing to Exie. It takes a cheap shot Kamehame Hadoken from Connor to finally bring Gage down. In 5, Shinya does this to Connor in Connor\'s chapter of the story. However, one power up from Bluebird\'s love for Connor and the situation gets reversed.\n Trying to punch Killbane during the big fight with him in Saints Row: The Third results in Killbane doing just this. (You have to whack him with a weapon for a bit first.)\n An endgame craftable syringe, "Unstoppable", in Far Cry 3 lets you temporarily No Sell everything. It lets you walk through machinegun fire, tank RPG missiles to the face, and shrug off tiger claws like they\'re nothing. Considering all the other possibly-supernatural stuff going on with Rook Island....\n In terms of actual gameplay, Final Fantasy has this all over the place.\n Due to the Elemental Rock-Paper-Scissors mechanic that the game has, occasionally an enemy will be straight-up immune to attacks with a given elemental affinity. In some circumstances, this will allow enemies to ignore even Limit Breaks from either magic casters or Summons, occasionally to the surprise of the player.\n In almost every game, mid-top tier equipment and accessories will grant full immunity to different elements or status effects (the most notable being the recurring Ribbon accessory, which nullifies most - if not all - status effects in most iterations), allowing a player with careful planning to pull this on bosses.\n Final Fantasy IX: Characters learn Equip-abilities, which remain active through every battle. Several of these are status-effect related (Body Temp, Antibody, Locomotion), and grant perpetual, permanent immunity to their respective status effects (Heat/Freeze, Poison/Venom and Slow/Stop, respectively), allowing you to render many of the game\'s nastier status effects ineffective. Knowing which ones to equip is essential for late-game bosses.\n Final Fantasy X: The Nul-(Element) spells learnt by Yuna grant (current) party-wide immunity to attacks of that element, until hit by such an attack. And they stack (in the sense that you can be immune to all 4 elements at once). Needless to say, they\'re a tactical boon in several boss battles (most notably, Seymour Omnis).\n In the MOBA Smite, many tank-type gods are capable of this, most notably Hades, the Greek god of the Underworld, who already has high defense in addition to the copious amounts of defensive items players stack on him. He REALLY No-sells, though, when he activates his ultimate move - saying "Your soul is mine!" as he pulls all enemy gods toward him while damaging them. The kicker? He is completely immune to knockbacks, stuns, taunts, and even gets a large defense buff while doing this. No matter what you throw at him, he won\'t sell it.\n Hercules is notable in that he has an ability that, when leveled up enough, will heal him for 120% of the damage he takes for the next 4 seconds. Meaning that, unless his health is very low, he\'s practically invincible. It\'s not uncommon to see an entire 3-man Joust team beating on Hercules with little effect.\n The Aegis Amulet item freezes you in place for up to 3 seconds, and makes you completely invincible to everything. Stuns, taunts, knockbacks, damage, you name it, and the user won\'t sell it.\n The Purification Beads item will allow you to do this to any crowd control abilities such as stuns, slowdowns, and the like. It also allows players to do this to Ares\' ultimate move, where he yanks all enemies toward him with chains. Use the beads when he nabs you, and the chain will simply fall off.\n Aphrodite is definitely not a tank, but can induce this with her Ultimate, Undying Love, which will give her invulnerability and shoves off all crowd controls towards her... for a split second. And if she has a Soulmate... her Soulmate also gets this bonus.\n War Frame:\n Rhino\'s second ability, Iron Skin, allows him to casually absorb between 400 and 1200 hit points of damage. As a very useful side effect, the ability also allows him to ignore the knockback effects of any attack that would knock a smaller frame off their feet. Scorpion harpoons? Might as well be a mosquito bite. Shockwave MOA stomps? Just walk right on through. A backhand across the face from an Infested Ancient? Like a warm summer\'s breeze.\n On the other side of the coin is the Stalker - a rogue assassin who avenges bosses killed by the player. Outright immune to most Warframe abilities, and able to use his unique Dispel ability to cancel out buffs on player frames, such as the aforementioned Iron Skin. Oh, and don\'t try to run. He is everywhere.\n In Scenario 49 of Third Super Robot Wars Z: Jigoku-hen, Heero is able to resist the effects of Gadlight\'s Sphere of the Quarreling Twins due to his affections for Relena. Although impressed, Gadlight states he is Just One Man and alone, while the rest of Z-BLUE are affected. Fortunately, Heero covers Setsuna long enough for the latter to acquire the 00 Qan[T] and activate its "TRANS-AM Burst" effect, restoring Z-BLUE to normal.\n In Super Robot Wars Impact, Getter Robo G is stolen and the Getter Team races in with the original Getter to confront it. Getter G is incredibly powerful, to the point where Ryouma\'s able to get behind Getter G and fire a Getter Beam at it. All it does is light up its eyes, turn around and fire its own Getter Beam, forcing the Getter to dodge.\n Warcraft III: Spell Immunity, as its name implies, makes the unit entirely impervious to magic. Even moreso in the expansion, where certain attack types are now "Magic" in nature, and subverted in that some positive spells can go through.\n The inverse is also found with ethereal units, who can only be targeted with magic attacks and spells at the cost of being unable to attack. Needless to say, there is not a single unit that combines these traits.\n The Amulet of Spell Shield blocks the effect of a single spell, but takes a while to recharge. Savvier enemies will "waste" it by casting a weak spell on the hero, then unloading all manner of curses on it.\n Dark Souls has Poise, which if high enough, allows the player to fight with less of a chance of recoilling from heavy damage. Havel\'s armor is renowned for ensuring it\'s wearer not give a single shit about taking a Greatsword +15 to the face.\n Castlevania games: Castlevania: Symphony of the Night has the Iron Shield, which grants the player small times of invincibility upon the said shield getting hit. Also, the Alucard Shield when it\'s ability is activated. It damages enemies at a fixed amount, heals the player at the same time, and grants the player 3 seconds invincibility for each enemy or projectiles that hits the shield until the MP runs out.\n In Aria Of Sorrow and it\'s sequel Dawn of Sorrow has the ability soul that you can get from Final Guards, it completely nullifies all attacks at a large MP cost per second. The said soul is hard to get though.\n Wild ARMs XF has the skill Force Field which can be used by the Sentinel class. It negates all kinds of attacks and status effects until the character who used it gets its next turn.\n Megaman 8 Bit Deathmatch: Unlike it\'s classic 2D-game counterpart, the Skull Barrier now grants the user total invincibility for a short time. The Leaf Shield also does this, but it\'s more of an Attack Deflector shield.\n World of Tanks: Any time your target has more armor than your gun has penetration. Some large ham examples follow.\n KV-1. Frequently top-tier, this is one of the early kings of no-sell to prewar tanks and anything with an autocannon.\n AMX-40. Sloped armor just as thick as the above, at one matchmaker tier lower. Can frequently be seen waltzing through a blizzard of shells to stop, fire, and laugh loudly. Only when it is top tier, though.\n Matilda. Mean, English, and prone to cherry-tapping targets down.\n Hetzer. To quote their drivers, "Hetzers gonna Hetz." To add insult to injury, it is also very sneaky.\n The IS line in general. They may be thin-skinned, but severe angled armor makes up for it in spades.\n Maus. One of,if not the king of no-sell tactics. Watch the last two episodes of Girls und Panzer to see it in action- it is top tier in this game, and this makes it a long wait before you see them.\n T95 tank destroyer. Mighty Glacier bar none; slower at top speed than a Maus in reverse gear, but its low profile and roughly 1\'-thick layer of armor arranged with good rounding and extreme sloping means that it effectively no-sells 99% of the things that dare to hit it from the front.\n Virtua Fighter\'s wrestler character Wolf has a specific No Sell move where he throws himself forward slightly and shrugs off lighter punches and kicks. He still takes damage, but doesn\'t flinch and has several follow-up moves to belt the opponent or grab them.\n In Company of Heroes, under the game\'s in-built penetration rules, there is a percent chance for a shell to bounce harmlessly off the armor of a vehicle, dependent on the gun\'s penetration value (a separate thing from it\'s power) and the target\'s armor. Infantry weapons such as rifles and machine guns are, as you\'d expect, harmless against armored vehicles.\nBritish Infantry: We can\'t hurt that!\nGerman Grenadiers: Okay! Wasting ammo!\nAmerican Rangers: Fire your rifles! We can distract them at least!\n The Parry skill in Fleuret Blanc is a guaranteed block against any attack \u2014 unless it comes up against Feint, in which case a difficult Quick Time Event determines its success.\n Xenoblade Chronicles:\n Mechon are incredibly resistant to regular attacks; besides Ether-related attacks (which don\'t become available until later), and weapons forged from Mechon armor itself, the only weapon capable of hurting them for anything beyond Scratch Damage is the Monado. Faced Mechon, however are completely immune to the Monado\'s attacks, at least until it gets upgraded to circumvent that immunity.\n The Monado can\'t hurt any sapient life born from the Bionis. This, incidentally is why it can\'t hurt Faced Mechon.\n In the first Heavy Gear adaptation, armor penetration was actually one of the things considered by the game\'s damage engine (a modification of the MechWarrior 2 engine, which lacked it). This meant that a suitably large, heavily armored Gear could bounce weaker shots reliably. Unfortunately this made machine guns effectively worthless after the first tier of upgrades, since the player could shoot at a medium Gear all day and come no closer to damaging its armor even after several dozen direct hits. Up at the heavy weight class, even the head armor of a Gear could deflect machine gun fire. This ultimately made the massively armored, slab-sided Mammoth invulnerable to anything less than a heavy autocannon burst\u2014its armor was so stupidly thick that it could afford to ignore any weapon without at least 140 millimeters of penetration, meaning otherwise reliable standbys like the medium autocannon or light rocket pack couldn\'t penetrate the Mammoth\'s thick armor to damage it. This was changed for Heavy Gear 2, where a machine gun, given enough time and ammo, would eventually nibble even the mightiest Gear to death.\n In Chapter 17 of Kid Icarus: Uprising once Pyrrhon takes control of the Aurum, Viridi decides that the Godzilla Threshold has been crossed and drops a Reset Bomb on the Aurum control ship. In an earlier chapter, a Reset Bomb was shown to be powerful enough to wipe out several warring nations at once by causing a magical forest to explode from ground zero. This time, the Incendiary Exponent granted to the Aurum by Pyrrhon just burns away the forest before it can grow.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Comics\xa0\n Theo from Sidekicks manages to do this to Monk every time the latter tries to use his superpower.\n In Tower of God, Shinsoo is everything. It\'s an unlimited power and is breathed instead of air, so those who are apt in controlling it prefer this to normal physical attacks. So when people who are extremely resistant to it appear, like Yuri and Viole, this trope just piles up.\n Weregeek (or rather its guest page) reminds us: while Warhammer 40,000 may be fun, very few sorts of Mind Screw can be worse than this trope applied recursively.\n Yet Another Fantasy Gamer Comic, in a Lord of the Rings plot. Turns out the rings tempt and take over their wearers by working around inhibitions. One of these is given to Charlotte. Yeah, good luck with that.\nCyclops: Any creature with half a brain will totally submit to its power!\n All paladins have a natural No Sell with the Axe of Prissan in Goblins. In order to ensure it is wielded by a paladin for good, the weapon is magically enchanted to pass harmlessly through any paladin it strikes. The enchantment also extends to anything attached to the axe. As revealed later this can be manipulated. The goblins tied a rope to the axe and then threw it through Kore. While the rope was still inside Kore, it was severed from the axe and rematerialized inside his throat.\n The Order of the Stick:\n The prequel Start of Darkness has Xykon kick off his ascension (or de-scension) to lichdom by taking Lirian the Elf druid in a Curb-Stomp Battle. None of Lirian\'s magic affects Xykon, including turning herself into a dragon to fight better.\nXykon: Are you starting to get it yet? Your claw/claw/bite doesn\'t impress me, I have Damage Reduction up the wazoo.\n The Monster in the Darkness also has incredible Damage Reduction, to the point that he didn\'t even notice Belkar attacking him. Haley\'s next suggestion was to run the hell away as fast as possible.\n Miko also tried and failed to harm the Monster. Apparently, her katana "tickles". When he promptly challenged her to a "who can hit the lightest" game, she planned to use her round to attempt her most powerful attack, but she never got that far because the Monster\'s weakest attack sent her flying.\n Using negative energy effects on Nale is just plain stupid; making out with his girlfriend involves a close encounter with a level drain attack, meaning that he buys Potions of Negative Energy Protection in bulk. Unfortunately for him, he is less resistant to knives.\n Gunnerkrigg Court: Jones has a sparring match with Sir Eglamore, where his sword glances off her face without leaving a mark. Chapter 40 later shows her being invulnerable to a spear, fire, freezing, and immersion in lava. Every part of her body, including her hair, is indestructible.\n Sluggy Freelance: Bun-bun is immune to Basphomy\'s magic that inflicts one\'s worst fear upon one. Apparently this is because he\'s so Bad Ass and his worst fear is losing, so it just makes him try harder. He finds it much harder to forfeit a struggle later on.\n Godslave: When Edith tries her Megaton Punch on Turner, his only reaction is a small wince.\n Cucumber Quest:\n Almond blocks Peridot\'s petrification-into-gemstone spell seemingly by whacking it aside with her sword, but it was really her Heroic Spirit that kept her sword from being transformed.\n Nautilus was able to use her Summon Magic to good effect even against the Disaster Masters until she ended up fighting Rosemaster, who simply grabs it and hurls it to the floor. (Earlier, Saturday had evaded its attack by tying it into a lasso, but the second instance is much more serious.)\n Grrl Power: Maxima pulls off a rather spectacular no-sell when Vehemence gives her a super-powered punch to the face. Her internal monologue reveals that he broke her nose, but she\'s not about to tell him that.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Original\xa0\n In Worm one of the things that makes the Endbringers so hard to fight is that they are barely if at all affected by many parahuman powers. And Scion makes them look like chumps.\n Red vs. Blue sees Tucker attempt to  drop a shipping container on a recently recreated Tex only for her to no sell it.\n Epic Rap Battles of History:\n In "Superman vs. Goku", Superman\'s heat beam bounces harmlessly off Goku\'s arm.\n In "Hannibal Lecter vs. Jack the Ripper", Hannibal attempts to break Jack through his trademark trope, but Jack is unfazed.\n Some bosses in Elemental Story can outright nullify any damage if the player fails to string up combos more than a specified amount.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Western Animation\xa0\n Looney Tunes: Yosemite Sam, who has billed himself as fearsome and unbeatable, took this to absurd extremes in the 1960 cartoon "Lighter Than Hare," when he boasted that his "indestructible tank" would take out Bugs Bunny. Sam guessed wrong! He tried again with his army of "undefeatable robots" ... but they didn\'t stand much of a chance against Bugs!\n The Simpsons: Several episodes, largely involving Homer. The best known is Season 8\'s "The Homer They Fall," where Homer learns he has an abnormal medical condition that effectively makes him a Stone Wall and decides to take up boxing. For most of the episode, Homer indeed withstands incredible punishment and never so much as flinches ... although virtually all of his opponents are weak, unskilled novice boxers. Homer soon gains national media attention, and it isn\'t long before somehow he earns a shot at former World Champion Drederick Tatum. The No Sell trope immediately crashes out the window the instant the Simpson-Tatum fight begins, and Moe is forced to rescue Homer seconds before Tatum can deliver a blow that surely would have been fatal.\n Two examples in the South Park episode "Good Times with Weapons":\n The boys get real "ninja" weapons and pretend-fight with Butters and his persona "Professor Chaos". Professor Chaos repels heat and ice attacks, so Kenny uses his non-elemental attack, a real ninja star into Butter\'s eye.\n Cartman picks the ninja power to have whatever power he wants. In a practical sense, it\'s straight up No Selling.\n Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles:\n In one episode, Shredder gets his hands on a ray that makes people afraid. He uses it on the turtles and Krang angrily calls him a fool, saying something to the effect of "this does not work on mutants!" Of course, Krang never once mentioned that (in)convenient fact earlier in the episode. And, to add insult to injury, Shredder gets hit with the ray by the end of the episode, and it works on him just fine \u2014 leading to his subsequent humiliation. Then again, this incarnation of Shredder...\n There is another episode with a fear ray that does work wonders on the Turtles, Bebop and Rocksteady, and Shredder himself. Krang, although not totally immune, is less affected.\n In another episode, it was established from the beginning that Krang\'s brainwashing device only affected humans. Unfortunately, because it had to set on the roof of the Channel 6 building, that meant Shredder had to have Rocksteady and Bebop do it so he would be safe, and it caused quite a few problems.\n Avatar: The Last Airbender:\n "The Puppetmaster":\nKatara: You\'re not the only one who draws power from the moon. My bending is more powerful than yours, Hama! Your technique is useless on me!\n "The Day of Black Sun, Part 2":\nToph: And stick to the truth. I\'ll be able to tell if you\'re lying.\nAzula: Are you sure? I\'m a pretty good liar. I am a 400-foot-tall purple platypus-bear with pink horns and silver wings.\nToph: Okay, you\'re good, I admit it.\n The Legend of Korra:\n Similarly to the Airbender example, in "Out of the Past" Amon is capable of resisting Tarrlok\'s bloodbending with little effort. At most it simply slows him down. Tarrlok is visibly shocked, as it had always been his foolproof last resort if other methods of subduing people didn\'t work. The ending reveals that this is because Amon is himself a Bloodbender and is able to bloodbend himself into resisting it.\n Aang is capable of ignoring bloodbending while in the avatar state.\n The Dark Spirits in Book Two of Korra also have this ability, but it works on all four elements. In the first two episodes the main cast hit them with everything they\'ve got, but the spirits either dodge or shrug off the attacks. Even after Korra entered the Avatar State, a single spirit swatted her aside and forced her out of it. Only Unalaq\'s (so far unnamed) spiritual waterbending techniques work on them, and even then they\'re only being calmed down rather than hurt directly.\n Midway through the series, the sealed Northern Spirit Portal completely defies Unalaq\'s attempt to open it with waterbending. Even after 10,000 years, the Avatar\'s seal holds strong.\n A heroic (or at least antiheroic) example of this can be found in Lilo & Stitch: The Series: many of Jumba\'s mind-altering experiments don\'t work on other experiments, or in some cases, at least, on experiments created after the one with mind-altering powers. Stitch (who himself has no mind-altering powers to be hindered by this rule) was the last of Jumba\'s original creations, and is thus immune to all of them.\n Jumba once shrugs off losing 99% of his intellectual capabilities without missing a beat because "1% of evil super genius is still pretty good."\n My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic:\n Fluttershy in "Stare Master". She is being turned to stone by a cockatrice and one might expect her to have some clever solution to the situation, as is typical with such stories. Instead she just ignores it and stares the creature down and lectures it until it\'s intimidated into stopping and breaking the enchantment on her.\n Granted, she was still being turned to stone, so she wasn\'t completely alone.\n In a similar vein, "Return of Harmony" shows that Fluttershy is the only one of the mane six who\'s immune to Discord\'s verbal manipulation. Granted, he finally just gives up and uses straight up mind control instead.\n "Keep Calm and Flutter On" reverses it. Fluttershy uses The Stare on Discord (the same one she used to cow a dragon into submission); Discord pretends to be scared, then laughs at Fluttershy for thinking her Stare could affect him.  By the end of the episode both being immune to overt manipulation by the other forms the basis of a lasting friendship and his redemption.\n It should be noted that in "Princess Twilight Sparkle" that Fluttershy\'s Stare now works on Discord, implying Discord\'s immunity might have come from his Lack of Empathy rather than anything else.\n As the superhero Saddle Rager in "Power Ponies", her super-powered mode gets a full blast of the Mane-iac\'s doomsday weapon, and the beam bounces off harmlessly.\n In Twilight\'s Kingdom Part 2: Until she voluntarily surrenders it, Tirek is unable to drain Twilight of the combined power of the Princesses\' alicorn magic. Though likewise, Tirek shrugs off everything Twilight throw at him.\n Tirek\'s magic (even with the power of the alicorns 2 of which regularly raise the sun and moon, Discord, and many ponies he absorbed) does absolutely nothing to the rainbow-powered Mane Six.\n In My Little Pony G3: Twinkle Wish Adventure, it\'s no sell on The Power of Friendship for Whimsey Weatherbe, at least at first. After the ponies hit her with their cute and catchy song number, "That\'s What Makes a Friend," she just shrugs it off, saying that she doesn\'t believe them, that they only want to take the wishing star Twinkle Wish back from her and not actually be her friend. Ultimately, however, she gives Twinkle Wish back on her own when she realizes that keeping her isn\'t getting her anywhere as far as making friends.\n In Batman: The Animated Series, The Joker tries to use his laughing gas on Poison Ivy after she and Harley upstage him. She lets out a brief laugh before revealing that it doesn\'t work on her, at which point she kicks him in the balls.\n Aquaman in Justice League Unlimited after his opponent tries to drown him in a massive wave. He just stands there, not as much as blinking.\nAquaman: King of the seas, remember?\n In The Venture Bros., when Dr. Orpheus attempts to read the mind of Henry Killinger, the latter simply stands there until Orpheus passes out from a Psychic Nosebleed.\n In The Powerpuff Girls episode "Speed Demon", Him is victorious in a Bad Future where the whole world has gone to \x93Heck\x94. The girls unleash a full assault, only for Him to pop back up and ask if they\'re finished.\n In Gladiator\'s introduction in X-Men, The Juggernaut punches him in the stomach. He\'s unfazed, and tosses Juggernaut across the ocean. Then Phoenix shows up for the first time, and she shrugs off Gladiator\'s attacks and throws him into space.\n The Avengers: Earth\'s Mightiest Heroes!: Done hilariously with Luke Cage.\n*WHAM* "...It\'s called unbreakable skin, fool."\n In the series finale, we discover just how outmatched the good guys are when Galactus no-sells getting shrunk to microscopic size and trapped in Yellowjacket\'s gun. He reverses it without so much as turning to look at them!\n Xiaolin Showdown has a Shen Gong Wu called the Two-Ton Tunic. When called upon, it transforms into a armored shirt that allows the wearer to shrug off any attack, even a punch from the Fist of Tebbigong.\n ThunderCats (2011) has this in the "Trials of Lion-O". Lion-O must force Panthro out of a wrestling ring within a time limit, but cannot even move him.\n In Futurama, Fry, due to lacking the Delta Brainwave (an inherent component of most forms of life), has reduced mental capacity in exchange for being completely immune to psionic attacks and manipulation.\n In The Transformers G1 episode "The Golden Lagoon", diving into a spring filled with liquid electrum gives a coating that enables both Autobots and Decepticons to shrug off lasers, missiles, and even bombs. This enables the Decepticons to defeat even Omega Supreme, without getting so much as a scratch themselves.\nStarscream: Over 10,000 electron bursts hit me dead-on, and it felt like a soft breeze! Ah, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!\n In the SpongeBob SquarePants episode "The Bully", SpongeBob is threatened by Flats Flounder and spends most of the episode trying to avoid him. But when the time comes for Flats to beat him, it turns out that SpongeBob\'s spongy body absorbs the blows, leaving him unharmed. Flats continues hitting him until he\'s completely exausted and falls over.\n In the Dora the Explorer Christmas special, "Dora\'s Christmas Carol Adventure," Swiper, No Swiping! didn\'t work on Future!Swiper when it was used by his past self, of all people.\nFuture!Swiper: That doesn\'t work on me anymore!\n In Steven Universe modern Homeworld gems have weapons and equipment that directly disrupt the physical forms of gems, instantly reverting them to gem form. Steven doesn\'t have the physical form of a gem, though, but an organic human body, so they don\'t seem to do much more than make him feel a bit odd. On the flipside, Homeworld technology has advanced considerably in the six thousand years between their defeat in the Gem War and the present. The hand-shaped Homeworld ship that shows up in "The Return" isn\'t even scratched by the Crystal Gems\' woefully obsolete Light Cannons.\n In Mega Man, the Robot Masters almost always flee after Mega Man steals their powers, letting him end some fights before they begin. However when he tries this trick on Pharaoh Man, Pharaoh Man responds by punching him in the face so hard that Mega flies to the other side of the street.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Real Life\xa0\n There was also the (likely apocryphal) tale sideshow performer whose stage name was "Oofty Goofty", also billed as The Wild Man Of Borneo. He took a job as a sideshow wildman and had covered his body in hair set in place with tar. A week later he grew ill from what is said to be an inability to perspire due to the thick tar. It nearly proved impossible to remove, with doctors at a hospital having to put tar solvent on his body and leave him on a roof, where it melted off of his body. Some time after that, he was thrown out of a saloon onto a hard cobblestone street and claimed later to feel no pain from it. He then utilized his newfound resistance to pain by inviting the citizens of San Francisco to take a whack at him with a baseball bat for ten cents a swing. Worked out pretty well...until boxing champion John L. Sullivan took up the challenge and broke the bat over Oofty\'s back, fracturing three of his vertebrae.\n Harry Houdini claimed to be able to withstand any blow to the abdomen if he had time to brace and would frequently work this into his shows. According to testimony surrounding his death, he was met by some students/fans who asked him about this ability backstage. Harry told them he could perform the feat when prepared and they took it as a sign to proceed. They struck Harry and the blows were believed to have ruptured his appendix. Houdini most likely would have survived had he undergone emergency surgery, but he refused medical care. However, rupture of the appendix by blunt trauma is not common. It is also reasonable that Harry already had appendicitis and all the blows did was confuse Harry about the cause of his abdominal pain, making him dismiss a warning sign that could have saved his life. In either case, Harry refused to abandon a show in favor of emergency care and subsequently died of peritonitis secondary to his ruptured appendix.\n Many professional fighters tend to act as though a hit had no effect to throw off their opponent. Most of the time when a fighter does this, it actually means they were hurt.\n Car accidents subvert the trope: safer cars (especially safer sports cars or race cars made after the 1980s) have crumple zones and are specifically built to take the impact of a crash, meaning the crash, the car, and/or both can easily look like No-One Could Survive That, while its passenger(s) can easily be uninjured or capable of walking away. On the other hand, older vehicles before safety developments and crumple zones or unsafe modern vehicles could themselves appear to have sustained no damage - with the occupants killed or seriously injured.\n More awareness of psychological trauma and post-traumatic stress disorder has led to some people assuming all people who have suffered a traumatic event or loss must be suffering from the most severe, stereotypical forms of it. This unfortunately has even led to cases of soldiers who don\'t have PTSD being judged as merciless killers (even in cases where they killed no one and were not combat personnel), or people questioning someone\'s allegations of abuse or rape because "they got over it too quickly."\n An interesting case comes from World War II, during a patrol, a group of P-47 Thunderbolts were looking for German fighters. One pilot saw some, but before he could react, one of the Germans (who were diving on the formation) knocked his plane out of the fight. After a few thousand feet went by, the P47 leveled off, and after a couple attempts to bail out, the pilot decided to try and return to base. After this, ANOTHER German fighter (an FW-190) arrived, and started firing on him... after 3 attempts, the German RAN OUT of ammunition, but the \'Jug\' was still flying. The German rendered a salute (probably the German ace Colonel Egon Mayer, who would have been denied his 67th kill of the war), and left. The American arrived back at base, landed, got out, and started counting the bullet holes. After hitting 200, and not even moving off the wing... he gave up. The pilot in question? Robert S. Johnson\n Grumman fighters of the period were also subject to this, being specifically designed so that the entire plane could be wrecked and the cockpit would still be intact. Versus the Mitsubishi Zero, this led to battles where the Zero pilot could easily catch the lumbering Wildcat, then pour bullets into it for fifteen minutes to no effect. But if the Zero got in front of the Wildcat for even two seconds...\n When the United States Navy was made anew with the Naval Act of 1794note\xa0The USN considers its establishment date October 13, 1775, when the Second Continental Congress passed a resolution creating the Continental Navy, Congress authorized six frigates as designed by Joshua Humphreys (though one was extensively modified by her naval constructor). These ships were designed to be America\'s capital ships in lieu of heavier ships of the line and were quite unlike common European frigates. For one, their frames and other critical parts were made of southern live oak (Quercus virginiana), a form of live oak that grows only in what is now the southeastern United States and is much stronger than the kinds of oak commonly used in ships of that time. For another, Humphreys included a number of innovations in his designs, such as "diagonal riders" that greatly improved the frigates\' structural integrity. It\'s resulted in memorable cases of these frigates shrugging off things that would have easily ruined other ships\u2014\n This is how USS Constitution got her nickname "Old Ironsides," during her battle with HMS Guerriere during the War of 1812. Upon seeing the cannonballs of the British frigate\'s 32-pounder carronades bouncing off of Constitution\'s hull, one of her crew shouted "Huzzah! Her sides are Made of Iron!" That\'s right, she was (and still is, presumably) tough enough to No Sell cannonballs\u2014and despite that, she was still fast enough to outrun heavier fighting sail like ships of the line, as she did with HMS Africa during the "Great Chase" earlier that year (of which Guerriere had also taken part).\n USS United States, the first of the six frigates, had a moment of this during The American Civil War. By then she had been in ordinary and left to rot for years at Norfolk. As the war drew to a close, the rebels sought to turn the ship into a harbor blockade by scuttling her. Despite years of neglect, the live oak timbers were still strong enough to ruin a whole box of axes just trying to cut into them. It took drilling holes into the ship\'s hull just to sink her. Even that wasn\'t her final fate\u2014Union forces raised her from the harbor bottom intact after retaking Norfolk, only for her to be broken up and sold for scrap after the war\'s end.\n In 1938, a hurricane hit New England and caused Constitution to be blown out into Boston Harbor. She slammed into the Bagley-class destroyer Ralph Talbot, yet only suffered superficial damage. Eight years later, a Navy tug accidentally rammed her in the stern, and again only took minor damage above the waterline. Constitution was well over a hundred years old by this point yet was still tough enough to take a roughhousing from ships made of steel!\n During the Second World War, thanks to the armored flight decks of British aircraft carriers, they could no sell kamikazes. This photograph\u25ca of HMS Formidable ablaze after being hit by a kamikaze is often used when kamikaze missions are featured in the media\u2014generally without revealing that the Formidable was launching planes again less than four hours later. A popular legend of the time was that one of the first announcements a British carrier captain made to his crew following a kamikaze attack was "Sweepers, man your brooms."\n In what was one of the silliest naval battles of all time, the USS Monitor, the world\'s first true ironclad warship, and the casemate ironclad CSS Virginia squared off in the Battle of Hampton Roads (which, contrary to what the name might suggest, was a naval battle) during The American Civil War. The two ironclad warships squared off and started firing cannonballs at each other for three hours, only to discover that neither ship could cause significant damage to the other because the cannonballs kept bouncing off of them. Eventually a chance shot temporarily blinded the captain of the USS Monitor, causing it to pull back momentarily before another man took over. The CSS Virginia interpreted the temporary pullback as a withdrawal, and thus began to withdraw itself, so when the USS Monitor returned to the battle, they thought the CSS Virginia was fleeing. Both sides promptly declared victory in the battle. As a result of the battle, all the European powers immediately stopped building wooden warships and built copies of the USS Monitor instead.\n Despite being an awkward and by then outdated design, the French Char B1-bis heavy tank was one tough beast. One such tank called Eure was ambushed by several German Panzer IIIs and Panzer IVs and took 140 hits without sustaining significant damage. It single-handedly took out thirteen of the enemy tanks.\n Despite being badly mis-used and poorly maintained in the first six months of the Soviet-German War, the T-34 medium and KV-1 heavy tanks were basically invulnerable to absolutely everything in the German Army\'s arsenal save the super-heavy 88mm anti-aircraft guns... and infantrymen getting on top of them to pour petrol on the engine block and setting it alight. Given the shortage of 88mm guns in the first year of the war, the latter fate was far more common. Several KV-1 tanks are known to have taken over two hundred hits from tank guns and (anti-tank) artillery without sustaining any damage (not even a lost track or periscope, no mean feat considering that the tracks were a sight more vulnerable). The first four German Tiger I tank accomplished similar feats against the Leningrad Front in the winter of 1942-3... before one got stuck in a swamp, its crew and accompanying infantry were driven off by artillery, and the vehicle itself was captured. The capture would have far-reaching effects just six months later...\n 75mm and 50mm AT guns actually had decent record against those tanks, being cause of well over 60% T-34 combat losses in 1941. Fortunately, Germans relied primarily on 37mm "Doorknocker" in 1941, which played the trope perfectly straight.\n No Challenger 2 tank has ever been destroyed by enemy fire (only one has been destroyed at all, by friendly fire from another Challenger). One tank is known to have taken at least 70 RPG hits without particularly noticing, while another was temporarily disabled by multiple RPG and anti-tank missile hits and was back in operational use within a few hours. Even the M1 Abrams, fighting in the same theaters alongside the Challenger, hasn\'t been able to take the same amount of punishment.\n\n\n', u'imagelink': u'http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/SupermanvsHulk_8477.jpg', u'doctype': u'trope', u'links': [{u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/DragonBall', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Ball'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/DragonBallZBattleOfGods', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Kinnikuman', u'titleofwork': u'Kinnikuman'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Bleach', u'titleofwork': u'Bleach'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/MahouSenseiNegima', u'titleofwork': u'Mahou Sensei Negima!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FistOfTheNorthStar', u'titleofwork': u'Fist of the North Star'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/LyricalNanoha', u'titleofwork': u'Lyrical Nanoha'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/MagicalRecordLyricalNanohaForce', u'titleofwork': u'The Huckebein Family'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/KatekyoHitmanReborn', u'titleofwork': u'Katekyo Hitman Reborn!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/YuYuHakusho', u'titleofwork': u'YuYu Hakusho'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/OnePiece', u'titleofwork': u'One Piece'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/ACertainMagicalIndex', u'titleofwork': u'A Certain Magical Index'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/HayateTheCombatButler', u'titleofwork': u'Hayate the Combat Butler'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FullmetalAlchemist', u'titleofwork': u'Fullmetal Alchemist'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Awesome/FullMetalAlchemist', u'titleofwork': u'CMOA'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/KirbyRightBackAtYa', u'titleofwork': u'Kirby: Right Back at Ya!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/FinalFantasyVIIAdventChildren', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/AliceAcademy', u'titleofwork': u'Alice Academy'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FairyTail', u'titleofwork': u'Fairy Tail'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/SoulEater', u'titleofwork': u'Soul Eater'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/TekkamanBlade', u'titleofwork': u'Tekkaman Blade'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/Durarara', u'titleofwork': u'Durarara!!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/NeonGenesisEvangelion', u'titleofwork': u'Evangelions'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/CodeGeass', u'titleofwork': u'Code Geass'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/CodeGeassTalesOfAnAlternateShogunate', u'titleofwork': u'Code Geass: Tales of an Alternate Shogunate'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Naruto', u'titleofwork': u'Naruto'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/TengenToppaGurrenLagann', u'titleofwork': u'Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/LastExile', u'titleofwork': u'Last Exile'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/InuYasha', u'titleofwork': u'InuYasha'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/PokemonSpecial', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon Special'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Gundam', u'titleofwork': u'Gundam'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MobileSuitGundam', u'titleofwork': u'Mobile Suit Gundam'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MobileSuitGundamWing', u'titleofwork': u'New Mobile Report Gundam Wing'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MobileSuitGundamSEED', u'titleofwork': u'Mobile Suit Gundam SEED'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MobileFighterGGundam', u'titleofwork': u'Mobile Fighter G Gundam'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/GingaDensetsuWeed', u'titleofwork': u'Ginga Densetsu Weed'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/SwordArtOnline', u'titleofwork': u'Sword Art Online'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/PuellaMagiMadokaMagica', u'titleofwork': u'Puella Magi Madoka Magica'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/JoJosBizarreAdventure', u'titleofwork': u"JoJo's Bizarre Adventure"}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/HappinessChargePrettyCure', u'titleofwork': u'Happiness Charge Pretty Cure'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/Mazinkaiser', u'titleofwork': u'Mazinkaiser'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/UnlimitedFafnir', u'titleofwork': u'Unlimited Fafnir'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/ArpeggioOfBlueSteel', u'titleofwork': u'Arpeggio of Blue Steel'}, {u'genre': u'Card Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/MagicTheGathering', u'titleofwork': u'Magic: The Gathering'}, {u'genre': u'Card Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/YuGiOh', u'titleofwork': u'Yu-Gi-Oh!'}, {u'genre': u'Card Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/CardfightVanguard', u'titleofwork': u'Cardfight!! Vanguard'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Superman', u'titleofwork': u'Superman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheJoker', u'titleofwork': u'The Joker'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/LegionOfSuper-Heroes', u'titleofwork': u'Legion of Super-Heroes'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/MarvelUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Marvel Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/NormanOsborn', u'titleofwork': u'Norman Osborn'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/DoomPatrol', u'titleofwork': u'Doom Patrol'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicStrip/Popeye', u'titleofwork': u'Popeye'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/ForgottenRealms', u'titleofwork': u'Forgotten Realms'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/RisingStars', u'titleofwork': u'Rising Stars'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/SpiderMan', u'titleofwork': u'Spider-Man'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/Wolverine', u'titleofwork': u'Wolverine'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/TwoThousandAD', u'titleofwork': u'2000 AD'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/ElfQuest', u'titleofwork': u'ElfQuest'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Batman', u'titleofwork': u'Batman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Preacher', u'titleofwork': u'Preacher'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/AtomicRobo', u'titleofwork': u'Atomic Robo'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/TheImmortalGame', u'titleofwork': u'The Immortal Game'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/JewelOfDarkness', u'titleofwork': u'Jewel Of Darkness'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/MyLittleMagesTheNightmaresReturn', u'titleofwork': u"My Little Mages: The Nightmare's Return"}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/TheStarsWillAidTheirEscape', u'titleofwork': u'The Stars Will Aid Their Escape'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/YuGiOhDarkMessiah', u'titleofwork': u'Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Messiah'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/PonyPOVSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Pony POV Series'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/MaimDeMaim', u'titleofwork': u'Maim de Maim'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/LightAndDarkTheAdventuresOfDarkYagami', u'titleofwork': u'Light and Dark The Adventures of Dark Yagami'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Touhou', u'titleofwork': u'Touhou'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/Fractured', u'titleofwork': u'Fractured'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/PrincessCelestiaGetsMugged', u'titleofwork': u'Princess Celestia Gets Mugged'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/ItsADangerousBusinessGoingOutYourDoor', u'titleofwork': u"It's a Dangerous Business, Going Out Your Door"}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheSwarmOfWar', u'titleofwork': u'The Swarm of War'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Godzilla', u'titleofwork': u'Godzilla'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/MLPNextGenerationKnowFear', u'titleofwork': u'MLP Next Generation: Know Fear!'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/WorldOfWarcraft', u'titleofwork': u'World of Warcraft'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/TheEquestrianWindMage', u'titleofwork': u'The Equestrian Wind Mage'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/IAgainstIMeAgainstYou', u'titleofwork': u'I Against I, Me Against You'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/AWorldOfBloodyEvolution', u'titleofwork': u'A World Of Bloody Evolution'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/SonicXDarkChaos', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic X: Dark Chaos'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Guardian', u'titleofwork': u'Guardian'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheWitchOfTheEverfree', u'titleofwork': u'The Witch of the Everfree'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Fiction', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/ThousandShinji', u'titleofwork': u'Thousand Shinji'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/AladdinTheReturnOfJafar', u'titleofwork': u'Aladdin: The Return of Jafar'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/Hercules', u'titleofwork': u'Hercules'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/ThePrincessAndTheFrog', u'titleofwork': u'The Princess and the Frog'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/KungFuPanda', u'titleofwork': u'Kung Fu Panda'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/KungFuPanda2', u'titleofwork': u'Kung Fu Panda 2'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MrPeabodyAndSherman', u'titleofwork': u'Mr Peabody & Sherman'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheBookOfLife', u'titleofwork': u'The Book of Life'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TransformersTheMovie', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers: The Movie'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/FrightNight1985', u'titleofwork': u'Fright Night (1985)'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheMatrix', u'titleofwork': u'The Matrix'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Spaceballs', u'titleofwork': u'Spaceballs'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/XMen', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/X2XMenUnited', u'titleofwork': u'X2: X-Men United'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/XMenFirstClass', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men: First Class'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Serenity', u'titleofwork': u'Serenity'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarWars', u'titleofwork': u'Star Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheEmpireStrikesBack', u'titleofwork': u'The Empire Strikes Back'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Radio/StarWarsRadioDramas', u'titleofwork': u'Radio Drama adaption'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/JediAcademyTrilogy', u'titleofwork': u'I, Jedi'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ReturnOfTheJedi', u'titleofwork': u'Return of the Jedi'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ThePhantomMenace', u'titleofwork': u'The Phantom Menace'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/SupermanReturns', u'titleofwork': u'Superman Returns'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/PiratesOfTheCaribbean', u'titleofwork': u'Pirates of the Caribbean'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/RaidersOfTheLostArk', u'titleofwork': u'Raiders of the Lost Ark'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheCrow', u'titleofwork': u'The Crow'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ThePrincessBride', u'titleofwork': u'The Princess Bride'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/MarvelCinematicUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Marvel Cinematic Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/CaptainAmericaTheFirstAvenger', u'titleofwork': u'Captain America: The First Avenger'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/IronMan2', u'titleofwork': u'Iron Man 2'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheAvengers2012', u'titleofwork': u'The Avengers'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/IronMan', u'titleofwork': u'Tony Stark'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/GuardiansOfTheGalaxy', u'titleofwork': u'Guardians of the Galaxy'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/PrinceOfSpace', u'titleofwork': u'Prince of Space'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/KungFuHustle', u'titleofwork': u'Kung Fu Hustle'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TeenageMutantNinjaTurtles', u'titleofwork': u'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/HeNeverDied', u'titleofwork': u'He Never Died'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/HudsonHawk', u'titleofwork': u'Hudson Hawk'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheDarkKnightRises', u'titleofwork': u'The Dark Knight Rises'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ManOfSteel', u'titleofwork': u'Man of Steel'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/BatmanAndRobin', u'titleofwork': u'Batman & Robin'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/WhiteChicks', u'titleofwork': u'White Chicks'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ConAir', u'titleofwork': u'Con Air'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/StarTrekIntoDarkness', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek Into Darkness'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/KickAss2', u'titleofwork': u'Kick-Ass 2'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Godzilla', u'titleofwork': u'Rodan'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Godzilla2014', u'titleofwork': u'Godzilla (2014)'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/RoboCop1987', u'titleofwork': u'RoboCop'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/BackToTheFuturePartII', u'titleofwork': u'Back to the Future Part II'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/IndependenceDay', u'titleofwork': u'Independence Day'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/IxiaAndSitia', u'titleofwork': u'Ixia and Sitia'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheDresdenFiles', u'titleofwork': u'The Dresden Files'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Twilight', u'titleofwork': u'Twilight'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarWarsExpandedUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Star Wars Expanded Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/MansfieldPark', u'titleofwork': u'Mansfield Park'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/SwordOfTruth', u'titleofwork': u'Sword of Truth'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheLordOfTheRings', u'titleofwork': u'The Lord of the Rings'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/ClarkAshtonSmith', u'titleofwork': u'Clark Ashton Smith'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Xanth', u'titleofwork': u'Xanth'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Warbreaker', u'titleofwork': u'Warbreaker'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/WordsOfRadiance', u'titleofwork': u'Words of Radiance'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheRiftwarCycle', u'titleofwork': u'Shards of a Broken Crown'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/PleaseDontTellMyParentsImASupervillain', u'titleofwork': u"Please Don't Tell My Parents I'm a Supervillain"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HeartOfSteel', u'titleofwork': u'Heart of Steel'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheBartimaeusTrilogy', u'titleofwork': u'The Bartimaeus Trilogy'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/RiversOfLondon', u'titleofwork': u'Rivers of London'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/MidnightsChildren', u'titleofwork': u"Midnight's Children"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheSookieStackhouseMysteries', u'titleofwork': u'Sookie Stackhouse'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ZeroSight', u'titleofwork': u'Zero Sight'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndTheGobletOfFire', u'titleofwork': u'Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BuffyTheVampireSlayer', u'titleofwork': u'Buffy the Vampire Slayer'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/WalkerTexasRanger', u'titleofwork': u'Walker, Texas Ranger'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/TheWonderYears', u'titleofwork': u'The Wonder Years'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/FamilyMatters', u'titleofwork': u'Family Matters'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Heroes', u'titleofwork': u'Heroes'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Farscape', u'titleofwork': u'Farscape'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/SuperSentai', u'titleofwork': u'Super Sentai'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Angel', u'titleofwork': u'Angel'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/DoctorWho', u'titleofwork': u'Doctor Who'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/DoctorWhoS9E5TheTimeMonster', u'titleofwork': u'King Dalios of Atlantis'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/DoctorWhoS9E5TheTimeMonster', u'titleofwork': u'King Dalios of Atlantis'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Supernatural', u'titleofwork': u'Supernatural'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/TheFortyFourHundred', u'titleofwork': u'The 4400'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StargateSG1', u'titleofwork': u'Stargate SG-1'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StargateAtlantis', u'titleofwork': u'Stargate Atlantis'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StarTrekTheNextGeneration', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek: The Next Generation'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BurnNotice', u'titleofwork': u'Burn Notice'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Merlin2008', u'titleofwork': u'Merlin'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Blackadder', u'titleofwork': u'Blackadder'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BreakingBad', u'titleofwork': u'Breaking Bad'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/OnceUponATime', u'titleofwork': u'Once Upon a Time'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BabylonFive', u'titleofwork': u'Babylon 5'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/GameOfThrones', u'titleofwork': u'Game of Thrones'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/TheTwilightZone1959', u'titleofwork': u'The Twilight Zone (1959)'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Sherlock', u'titleofwork': u'Sherlock'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StarTrekDeepSpaceNine', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek: Deep Space Nine'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Alphas', u'titleofwork': u'Alphas'}, {u'genre': u'Pinball', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Pinball/Transformers', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers'}, {u'genre': u'Pinball', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/Stern', u'titleofwork': u'Stern'}, {u'genre': u'Pinball', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Pinball/GameOfThrones', u'titleofwork': u'Game of Thrones'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/HulkHogan', u'titleofwork': u'Hulk Hogan'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/RicFlair', u'titleofwork': u'Ric Flair'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/HulkHogan', u'titleofwork': u'Hulk Hogan'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/NoHoldsBarred', u'titleofwork': u'No Holds Barred'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/KevinNash', u'titleofwork': u'Kevin Nash'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/RicFlair', u'titleofwork': u'Ric Flair'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/TheUndertaker', u'titleofwork': u'The Undertaker'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/Kane', u'titleofwork': u'Kane'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/Nintendo64', u'titleofwork': u'Nintendo 64'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/SHIMMER', u'titleofwork': u'SHIMMER'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/BobHolly', u'titleofwork': u'Hardcore Holly'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/MickFoley', u'titleofwork': u'Mick Foley'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/UltimateWarrior', u'titleofwork': u'Ultimate Warrior'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/DragonGate', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Gate USA'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/BruiserBrody', u'titleofwork': u'Bruiser Brody'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/ChrisJericho', u'titleofwork': u'Chris Jericho'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/ChristopherDaniels', u'titleofwork': u'Christopher Daniels'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/WrestleMania', u'titleofwork': u'WrestleMania'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/RingOfHonor', u'titleofwork': u'Ring of Honor'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/Goldberg', u'titleofwork': u'Goldberg'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/NewJapanProWrestling', u'titleofwork': u'New Japan Pro Wrestling'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/TheBigShow', u'titleofwork': u'The Giant'}, {u'genre': u'Roleplay', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/RolePlay/YuGiOhEastAcademy', u'titleofwork': u'Yu-Gi-Oh! East Academy'}, {u'genre': u'Roleplay', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Roleplay/DestroyTheGodmodder', u'titleofwork': u'Destroy The Godmodder'}, {u'genre': u'Sports', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/Cricket', u'titleofwork': u'Cricketer'}, {u'genre': u'Sports', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/MixedMartialArts', u'titleofwork': u'Mixed Martial Arts'}, {u'genre': u'Sports', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Website/Cracked', u'titleofwork': u'the greatest'}, {u'genre': u'Sports', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/AmericanFootball', u'titleofwork': u'Eli Manning'}, {u'genre': u'Stand Up Comedy', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/RobinWilliams', u'titleofwork': u'Robin Williams'}, {u'genre': u'Stand Up Comedy', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/BillCosby', u'titleofwork': u'Bill Cosby'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/DungeonsAndDragons', u'titleofwork': u'Dungeons & Dragons'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/ForgottenRealms', u'titleofwork': u'Forgotten Realms'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Paranoia', u'titleofwork': u'Paranoia'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Warhammer40000', u'titleofwork': u'Warhammer 40,000'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/GURPS', u'titleofwork': u'GURPS'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Exalted', u'titleofwork': u'Exalted'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/GURPS', u'titleofwork': u'GURPS'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Scion', u'titleofwork': u'Scion'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/IronHeroes', u'titleofwork': u'Iron Heroes'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/VampireTheMasquerade', u'titleofwork': u'Vampire: The Masquerade'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/BattleTech', u'titleofwork': u'BattleTech'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/MutantsAndMasterminds', u'titleofwork': u'Mutants & Masterminds'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/StarWarsSagaEdition', u'titleofwork': u'Star Wars: Saga Edition'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarWarsExpandedUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Star Wars Expanded Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/TheWorldOfDarkness', u'titleofwork': u'The World of Darkness'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/WorldWarII', u'titleofwork': u'WW2'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop RPG', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/PsionicsTheNextStageInHumanEvolution', u'titleofwork': u'Psionics: The Next Stage in Human Evolution'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theater/PokemonLive', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon Live!'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WWE', u'titleofwork': u'WWE'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/KnightsOfTheOldRepublic', u'titleofwork': u'Knights of the Old Republic'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/StarWarsTheOldRepublic', u'titleofwork': u'Star Wars: The Old Republic'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Pokemon', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/PokemonRedAndBlue', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon Red and Blue'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/GearsOfWar', u'titleofwork': u'Gears of War'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/BlazBlue', u'titleofwork': u'BlazBlue'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Iji', u'titleofwork': u'Iji'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Thief', u'titleofwork': u'Thief'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VisualNovel/FateStayNight', u'titleofwork': u'Fate/stay night'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/SidMeiersAlphaCentauri', u'titleofwork': u'Sid Meier\x92s Alpha Centauri'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Fallout', u'titleofwork': u'Fallout'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/FinalFantasyTactics', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy Tactics'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/StreetFighterIII', u'titleofwork': u'Street Fighter III'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WorldHeroes', u'titleofwork': u'World Heroes'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DragonQuestVIII', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Quest VIII'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DonkeyKongCountryReturns', u'titleofwork': u'Donkey Kong Country Returns'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/NipponIchi', u'titleofwork': u'Nippon Ichi'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Disgaea3AbsenceOfJustice', u'titleofwork': u'Disgaea 3: Absence of Justice'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Disgaea4APromiseUnforgotten', u'titleofwork': u'Disgaea 4: A Promise Unforgotten'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/HaloReach', u'titleofwork': u'Halo: Reach'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TalesOfSymphonia', u'titleofwork': u'Tales of Symphonia'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Prototype', u'titleofwork': u'[PROTOTYPE]'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SuperSmashBros', u'titleofwork': u'Super Smash Bros'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/Touhou', u'titleofwork': u'Touhou'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/FireEmblem', u'titleofwork': u'Fire Emblem'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FireEmblemJugdral', u'titleofwork': u'fourth, fifth'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/RedAlert3Paradox', u'titleofwork': u'Red Alert 3: Paradox'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DeusExHumanRevolution', u'titleofwork': u'Deus Ex: Human Revolution'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/ShinMegamiTensei', u'titleofwork': u'MegaTen'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DevilSurvivor2', u'titleofwork': u'Devil Survivor 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ShinMegamiTenseiIIINocturne', u'titleofwork': u'Shin Megami Tensei III: Nocturne'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Persona3', u'titleofwork': u'Persona 3'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MassEffect1', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MassEffect2', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MassEffect3', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect 3'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/DragonAgeII', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Age II'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DragonAgeOriginsAwakening', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Age: Origins \x96 Awakening'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheElderScrollsVSkyrim', u'titleofwork': u'The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/GalacticCivilizations', u'titleofwork': u'Galactic Civilizations'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/AdventureQuestWorlds', u'titleofwork': u'AdventureQuest Worlds'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CityOfHeroes', u'titleofwork': u'City of Heroes'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/AssassinsCreedRevelations', u'titleofwork': u"Assassin's Creed: Revelations"}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ManaKhemiaAlchemistsOfAlRevis', u'titleofwork': u'Mana Khemia: Alchemists of Al-Revis'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/RecordOfAgarestWar2', u'titleofwork': u'Record Of Agarest War 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WarriorsOrochi', u'titleofwork': u'Warriors Orochi'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/AsurasWrath', u'titleofwork': u"Asura's Wrath"}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ProjectXZone', u'titleofwork': u'Project X Zone'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Runescape', u'titleofwork': u'Runescape'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MetalGearRisingRevengeance', u'titleofwork': u'Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MarvelSuperHeroes', u'titleofwork': u'Marvel Super Heroes'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MarvelVsCapcom', u'titleofwork': u'Marvel vs Capcom'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Dishonored', u'titleofwork': u'Dishonored'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SDGundamCapsuleFighter', u'titleofwork': u'SD Gundam Capsule Fighter'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ForsakenChronicle', u'titleofwork': u'Forsaken Chronicle'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SaintsRowTheThird', u'titleofwork': u'Saints Row: The Third'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/FinalFantasy', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyIX', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy IX'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyX', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy X'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/Smite', u'titleofwork': u'Smite'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/WarFrame', u'titleofwork': u'War Frame'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SuperRobotWarsZ', u'titleofwork': u'Super Robot Wars Z'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SuperRobotWarsImpact', u'titleofwork': u'Super Robot Wars Impact'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WarcraftIII', u'titleofwork': u'Warcraft III'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DarkSouls', u'titleofwork': u'Dark Souls'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Castlevania', u'titleofwork': u'Castlevania'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/AriaOfSorrow', u'titleofwork': u'Aria Of Sorrow'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WildArmsXF', u'titleofwork': u'Wild ARMs XF'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Megaman8BitDeathmatch', u'titleofwork': u'Megaman 8 Bit Deathmatch'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WorldOfTanks', u'titleofwork': u'World of Tanks'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/VirtuaFighter', u'titleofwork': u'Virtua Fighter'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CompanyOfHeroes', u'titleofwork': u'Company of Heroes'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VisualNovel/FleuretBlanc', u'titleofwork': u'Fleuret Blanc'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/XenobladeChronicles', u'titleofwork': u'Xenoblade Chronicles'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/HeavyGear', u'titleofwork': u'Heavy Gear'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/KidIcarusUprising', u'titleofwork': u'Kid Icarus: Uprising'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Sidekicks', u'titleofwork': u'Sidekicks'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/TowerOfGod', u'titleofwork': u'Tower of God'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Weregeek', u'titleofwork': u'Weregeek'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/YetAnotherFantasyGamerComic', u'titleofwork': u'Yet Another Fantasy Gamer Comic'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Goblins', u'titleofwork': u'Goblins'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/TheOrderOfTheStick', u'titleofwork': u'The Order of the Stick'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/GunnerkriggCourt', u'titleofwork': u'Gunnerkrigg Court'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/SluggyFreelance', u'titleofwork': u'Sluggy Freelance'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Godslave', u'titleofwork': u'Godslave'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/CucumberQuest', u'titleofwork': u'Cucumber Quest'}, {u'genre': u'Web Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/GrrlPower', u'titleofwork': u'Grrl Power'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Worm', u'titleofwork': u'Worm'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Machinima/RedVsBlue', u'titleofwork': u'Red vs Blue'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebVideo/EpicRapBattlesOfHistory', u'titleofwork': u'Epic Rap Battles of History'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ElementalStory', u'titleofwork': u'Elemental Story'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/LooneyTunes', u'titleofwork': u'Looney Tunes'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheSimpsons', u'titleofwork': u'The Simpsons'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SouthPark', u'titleofwork': u'South Park'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TeenageMutantNinjaTurtles1987', u'titleofwork': u'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/AvatarTheLastAirbender', u'titleofwork': u'Avatar: The Last Airbender'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/AvatarTheLastAirbenderThePuppetmaster', u'titleofwork': u'The Puppetmaster'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/AvatarTheLastAirbenderTheDayOfBlackSunPart2', u'titleofwork': u'The Day of Black Sun, Part 2'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheLegendOfKorra', u'titleofwork': u'The Legend of Korra'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/TheLegendOfKorraS1E9OutOfThePast', u'titleofwork': u'Out of the Past'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/LiloAndStitchTheSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Lilo & Stitch: The Series'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MyLittlePonyFriendshipIsMagic', u'titleofwork': u'My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/MyLittlePonyFriendshipIsMagicS4E26TwilightsKingdomPart2', u'titleofwork': u"Twilight's Kingdom Part 2"}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MyLittlePonyG3', u'titleofwork': u'My Little Pony G3'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/BatmanTheAnimatedSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Batman: The Animated Series'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Aquaman', u'titleofwork': u'Aquaman'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheVentureBrothers', u'titleofwork': u'The Venture Bros'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/ThePowerpuffGirls', u'titleofwork': u'The Powerpuff Girls'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/XMen', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheAvengersEarthsMightiestHeroes', u'titleofwork': u"The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes!"}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/XiaolinShowdown', u'titleofwork': u'Xiaolin Showdown'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/ThunderCats2011', u'titleofwork': u'ThunderCats (2011)'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Futurama', u'titleofwork': u'Futurama'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheTransformers', u'titleofwork': u'The Transformers'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SpongeBobSquarePants', u'titleofwork': u'SpongeBob SquarePants'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/DoraTheExplorer', u'titleofwork': u'Dora the Explorer'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/StevenUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Steven Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MegaMan', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Man'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/HarryHoudini', u'titleofwork': u'Harry Houdini'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/WorldWarII', u'titleofwork': u'World War II'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/TheAmericanCivilWar', u'titleofwork': u'The American Civil War'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/TheAmericanCivilWar', u'titleofwork': u'The American Civil War'}], u'title': u'No Sell - TV Tropes'}, u'_index': u'tropes_and_media'}, {u'_score': 0.03718962, u'_type': u'item', u'_id': u'21016', u'_source': {u'text': u'\n"My uncle made this locket. It was supposed to "protect" me. But it did that by keeping me stupid. It used to make me feel safe. Now, whenever I think about it, it makes me mad. It\'s a symbol of how awful my life was. The headaches, the inventions that never worked, the people who treated me like an idiot, all because of this locket."\n\u2014 Agatha Heterodyne, Girl Genius\nA device of some kind used to restrict a character\'s power level or super power.\nThese can lighten the load on the Sorting Algorithm of Evil or give new characters a chance to shine. Releasing these limiters in time of need may be difficult:\n If the limiting was voluntary, it\'s Always Need What You Gave Up...\n Releasing a previously unmentioned power limiter can provide a last minute save against a particularly powerful Big Bad. If done badly, the device becomes a plot device the author pulled out of their ass. A reader expects clues that the limit was in place before the character says they\'re going to release it.\nThe reasons for this can be because their powers are too dangerous or too uncontrollable to be let loose at their fullest. Often times, the justification is that the person may willingly be wearing a Power Limiter as a form of training, as training with their power suppressed helps increase their power. Weighted clothing is often used in this fashion, in fiction and Real Life.\nThe upgraded version is the Power Nullifier, which outright removes superhuman abilities\nSee also Restraining Bolt, Weaksauce Weakness, Cover-Blowing Superpower, Shed Armor, Gain Speed, I Am Not Left-Handed and Holding Back the Phlebotinum.\n\nExamples:\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0open/close all folders\xa0 \n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Anime & Manga\xa0\n The first two seasons of Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha featured 10-year-old girls with Power Levels exceeding the power meter of 1,000,000 points, and then introduced many other characters able to match them. When the series proved popular enough to go on to a third season, government-required power limiters were introduced to knock them down several ranks, with them only able to use full power when authorized by a high-ranking Bureau member.\n The new recruits have power limiters of their own; after getting their devices, they have a four-stage limiter set on them, which restricts how much power and what abilities they can use. One stage typically gets removed just before every major battle, so they can more easily get accustomed to their devices.\n In the aftermath of StrikerS Lutecia and Agito are also given limiters, reducing them to mage rank D for the duration of their probation.\n The Evangelions have these in Neon Genesis Evangelion in the form of their armor, which doesn\'t serve to protect the Eva and its pilot as much as it serves to limit the Evangelions\' power and allow humans to control the Eva. If an Eva goes really berserk, it can actually break the armor from the inside, but this requires a strength of mind that pretty much exceeds any human\'s ability, and if the human pilot becomes so synchronised with the Eva that this can happen (this requires the human to have a 400% synch ratio), that pilot\'s probably not coming back.\n Unit-02 in Rebuild of Evangelion is shown to not only possess armor, but actual limiters implanted into its back which release once Mari unlocks the Eva\'s beast mode.\n Used by the goddesses in Ah! My Goddess in the form of jewelry. Releasing them without permission is a big no-no, but Kami seems to be a bit flexible about this depending on situation and especially the personality of the goddess; Urd is often the Butt Monkey of this compared to her more foward-thinking but much more (dangerously) powerful sister Belldandy. When Urd\'s mother Hild comes to Earth for a visit, she admits her excessive amount of gaudy jewelry (a total of twenty pieces, each one a separate power limiter comparable to the one that Belldandy wears) is mostly to keep her arrival from leaving their home a smoking crater. In fact, if Hild were to remove all her limiters while on Earth, she\'d be a danger to the planet simply by existing.\n Belldandy isn\'t more powerful than Urd. It\'s directly stated by Belldandy that Urd is more powerful than her, and Belldandy  Cannot Tell a Lie. It\'s just that as a Goddess First Class she\'s able to access far more of her power than Urd. When Urd took the exam for promotion to First Class, we got a glimpse of her true power. Which overwhelmed Peorth, a Goddess First Class who\'s supposed to be a close match to Belldandy in power.\n Shortly after Urd arrives, she explains to Keiichi that she needs to \'upload his DNA to the computers\' since he\'s bonded with Belldandy. (She just thought the reason Keiichi needed some \'tutoring\' and that was why he hadn\'t slept with Belldandy yet. When Belldandy interrupts this, she explains that Urd\'s lying, among other things, are why Urd is a goddess second-class. She says nothing about Urd being less powerful then her.\n Fushigi Yuugi Genbu Kaiden has Hikitsu put an eyepatch (or bandages) over his right eye, where his symbol is located. If it isn\'t covered, he can easily see into another person\'s heart, make them relive horrible memories to make them remember details, inexplicably view the memories held within an inanimate object and similar.\n Alucard from Hellsing uses the "Control Art Restriction System", which divides his powers into six levels, with Five as his weakest and Zero his strongest. Considering how ridiculously overpowered he is, enemies tend not to be worthy enough to have him unlock any levels. When he reaches Level Zero, run kill yourself. Fortunately, he can\'t go full-power on his own accord - full release requires approval from Integra Helsing. Mostly. When under threat, he can release a few restrictions until the threat is destroyed.\n Also of note, his state of dress also indicates what power level he is at. From least to most powerful, they are his red coat-and-hat ensemble, a black body suit covered in leather straps, and at Level Zero, a full suit of medieval plate-mail from the days when he was called Vlad the Impaler.\n A-Ko, from the parody series Project A-ko, wears Wonder Woman-like bracers to keep her from crushing everything she picks up. This is because she is implied with as much subtlety as a brick to the nuts to be the daughter of Superman and Wonder Woman.\n Weights in clothing are a popular method to use for this in Sh\u014dnen manga and anime series.\n The weighted training clothes that Son Goku and Piccolo (Jr.) wear are used to this effect in the Piccolo Jr. Saga and Saiyan Saga of Dragon Ball Z. However, the ever-increasing power threshold of the show quickly leads to the effect becoming meaningless and replaced with super modes and fusing. Goku never takes his off (intentionally) and Piccolo only removes his for dramatic effect.\n Ironically, this ultimately ends up to still be the case. In \'Revival of F\', Piccolo removes his and throws it to some Frieza Soldiers, who despite having vastly increased their power by this point, can\'t even hold up his hat, revealing the weight has been drastically increased.\n Majin Buu has his good half, Fat Buu. At the expense of use of a large portion of his power, fat Buu provides Super Buu with some much needed sanity and the idea of self-preservation.\n Most notably in Dragon Ball Z, Broly of the movies wears a technological device created by his father designed to keep him from using too much of his power and going berserk. It causes the "Super Saiyan" trademark gold hair to take on a turquoise hue instead. By the time he becomes angry enough, his power overloads the device and he achieves his maximum power, growing almost triple his normal size in muscle mass yet sacrificing none of his speed. It becomes quite obvious why his father was so adamant about keeping him under control...\n Freeza has an interesting variation: his transformations. His final and most powerful form is his natural state: all of his weaker forms are deliberately designed to keep his power in check. It\'s obvious why: when he finally does go all-out against Goku, he starts strong, almost evenly matched, but quickly burns out and loses power at a drastic rate.\n Rock Lee from Naruto. He jumps on top of a structure and takes off his leg weights, prompting those watching to remark on the futility of casting them off. Lee then tosses them aside, where they land with a thunderous ground-cracking slam while he takes off, showing that he has more than doubled his already-remarkable speed.\n Bui, an enemy from the Dark Tournament arc of YuYu Hakusho, wears heavy armor over every inch of his body and wields a gigantic axe. Everyone thinks this is to protect him from attack, but it turns out that the armor was actually a Power Limiter, and once it\'s removed, he shows off an impenetrable Battle Aura that lets him defeat Hiei\'s Wave Motion Gun, the Dragon of the Darkness Flame.\n Similarly enough, Hiei himself wears 2 limiters. His headband suppresses his Jagan\'s demon energy, while the bandages suppress the Dragon of the Darkness Flame, with very good reason; without said limit, Hiei\'s demon energy was so powerful, if his aura were to clash with Bui\'s, the resulting reaction was said by Kurama to be powerful enough to destroy the entire stadium.\n It was revealed in the Dark Tournament arc that Yusuke was given "spirit cuffs" by Genkai because his constant effort to overcome it would buff up his spirit energy.\n In what is probably a Shout-Out to Rock Lee, MegaMan and ProtoMan both have \'limiter programs\' that are essentially giant weights that they drop off in their last battle in the bonus chapter of the final Mega Man NT Warrior manga. The battle ends in a tie.\n In The Prince of Tennis, wrist/leg weights are used in a regular basis during training to develop more focus and leg strength. Masaharu Niou from Rikkaidai also uses additional wristbands to tap his own potential, and utterly refuses to take them off.\n  It turns out that this is what Shiraishi\'s bandages cover. Underneath them he wears a heavy arm band; when it\'s removed, the speed of his left arm sky-rockets.\n Medaka Box has Unzen Myouga, little sister of head Enforcer Unzen Myouri, who fights using six 30kg ball-and-chains; when she removes them she becomes incredibly agile. This example is explicitly compared to Goku\'s weighted clothing, both by Myouga and her opponent.\n Kakashi from Naruto keeps his eye patch for most fights, because without his Eyepatch of Power his power is always on and will cost him all his energy too quickly. He also has a limit on his  Mangeky\u014d Sharingan (which punch unavoidable holes into reality taking body parts of his enemies apart) - twice in one fight! That power could end any threat real quick if not for the 3 limits... the  holes in reality take a long while to get started, 2 weeks of recovering in bed for doing them, and not being able to train this dangerous power means he can\'t aim  holes in reality well... yet.\n The seals containing the tailed beasts tend to act as limiters, restricting the flow of chakra until their host activates it when in need.\n Bleach has several examples. Shinigami aren\'t allowed to release their swords into either shikai or bankai without permission. This applies to both Soul Society and the living world. The damage they can wreak is too much to contemplate without power limiters. As a result, they also have a further limit on their power. To protect humans in the living world, shinigami of captain and vice-captain ranks have to wear a limiter that reduces their power by 80% in the form of a tattoo of their division\'s symbolic flower. They again can\'t release this without express permission.\n Kenpachi normally wears a parasitic eyepatch that was specially designed to guzzle some of his energy. This limits the amount of energy he can use in battle to prevent him from dispatching his opponents too fast. He wears it on purpose in order to make his fights more challenging.\n When Ichigo first encounters the true form of Senbonzakura, Senkei, he realises that being surrounded on all sides by thousands of swords puts him in a very bad position. Byakuya guesses what he\'s thinking and tells him not to be concerned. Apparently Byakuya once made a vow to only ever use Senkei on someone he intended to kill with his own two hands. As a result, he can\'t maximise the potential of his bankai\'s thousands of swords because he can only wield the blades one or two at a time from the palms of his hands.\n Ikkaku possesses bankai but hides it. Even when he finally enters bankai, he doesn\'t power straight into its full form the way the others do. He first has to re-engage the fight with the active, but weakly powered, bankai until he makes a first cut. Only then does it "awaken". Once the dragon crest on the highest blade turns fully red, Ikkaku finally is able to wield his weapon at full strength.\n Findor Carias\' mask. He becomes stronger the more he chips it away.\n When Yumichika releases his sword it rather uselessly splits from one to four blades. Then it\'s revealed this is a fake shikai. He deliberately calls his sword by a false, loathesome nickname to hide his true abilities without anyone noticing; this works because the fake name pisses his sword off, thus, it actively refuses to help him until he calls the sword by its proper name. Its real released form is a snaking mass of unbreakable flower vines that drains an opponent to death. His fake shikai gives him no abilities, forcing him to fight with only base skill and resolve. However, his real shikai is so powerful that he\'s achieved a single-strike victory every time he\'s used it. The reason he won\'t use it is because it breaks his division\'s code of conduct for him to even possess the power let alone actually use it.\n Ichigo himself is actually under two, both acquired around the same time.\n His substitute badge actually decreases the power he can draw out thanks to Soul Society remembering the last time a bankai wielding substitute ran around freely.\n In the Thousand Year Blood War arc he learns that Old Man Zangetsu has been a limiter all along. He represents Ichigo\'s Quincy powers  and is supposed to kill him if he uses any other form of ability, but doesn\'t want to. Instead, he fakes Soul Reaper powers and limits Ichigo\'s real ones, which interferes with his abilities and causes instability in his power. On the other hand, it\'s not all bad: since as a Quincy it means he can use defensive abilities like Blut, which actually saved him a few times.\n Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam: Crossbone Gundam X3 has two variations on this trope. Its built-in I-field generators have a cool-down period longer than their operational period (which finally gets fixed in Steel Seven by simply adding two more generators). And its Muramasa Blaster initially has a safety Tobia doesn\'t know about - which isn\'t a huge problem, as that just makes it a club rather than a beam saber.\n "Shinryaku! Ika Musume": The protagonist\'s stupidity keeps her from excersising her power.\n In Saiyuki the "good" youkai of Shangri-La generally wear jewelry-like power-limiters to keep them human-shaped and closer to human-strength when in mixed company. After the Minus Wave, very few youkai are sane enough to even think about wearing limiters. Two of the protagonists wear limiters nearly all the time: Goku\'s diadem and Hakkai\'s ear cuffs. (Goku\'s is many, many times stronger than a standard youkai limiter due to his Super-Powered Evil Side.) Hakkai at full strength scares the shit out of even his friends and he\'s more susceptible to Minus Wave influence without the ear cuffs. Goku\'s unlimited form is strong enough to be a direct threat to Heaven; Sanzo\'s the only non-god who can put the diadem back on. In both cases, if and when the limiters come off, you\'d best run and not look back.\n Once, when Sanzo got hurt, Goku was so upset his power overloaded his limiter... The quartet\'s \'patron goddess\' had to put it back on. Total beatdown on the bad guys that time, though, Super-Powered Evil Side style.\n Moka\'s rosary in Rosario + Vampire serves to keep her power in check among other things. It can only be removed by Tsukune in times of extreme need.\n There\'s also Tsukune\'s Holy Lock, which keeps Moka\'s blood in his veins from turning him into a  mindless massacre machine.\n And Moka\'s older half-sister Kahlua, who wears a pair of cross earrings. Removing the right earring transforms her right arm into razor-sharp wings.\n And Sun Otonashi\'s notebook. At first it seems to merely be a way for the "mute" girl to use Talking with Signs, but it\'s later revealed that she\'s a  powerful Siren who uses the notebook to help keep her lethal voice under control.\n Kyo of Fruits Basket has a power limiter in the form of a bracelet; if it comes off he transforms into his monstrous "true form."\n Abel Nightroad in Trinity Blood is the only Crusnik who can release his powers in three stages (40%, 80%, and 100%). These restrictions are self-imposed, following a My God, What Have I Done? moment long before the series\' begin.\n His Evil Twin Cain long before had permanently locked himself into 100% power, with results that demonstrate why Abel\'s Power Limiter is a really good idea. Their younger sister Seth seems to vary only between not activating the power at all and using it at 100%.\n Peacemakers in Scrapped Princess have four "modes": compressed (when they look and behave like ordinary little kids), normal (adult mages of tremendous powers), limited battle form (levitating monstrosities that level entire cities within minutes), and fully released form (clearly Over Nine Thousand and forbidden to use inside the atmosphere).\n Power Limiters are essential in Zettai Karen Children, as the girls\' powers at their max can wreck an entire city block. At first, they were in the form of chokers, but Minamoto\'s persuasion changed them to a bracelet, earring and ring - much more stylish and less degrading. However, the limiter can only be deactivated when the emergency levels are at their highest.\n Evangeline of Mahou Sensei Negima! is an enormously powerful vampire sorceress who\'s spread havoc and destruction on a colossal scale, ravaging Europe for many hundreds of years. In her heydays at least. After her defeat by Nagi Springfield the Thousand Master, she\'s been constrained to remain as student in Mahora Academy for the last fifteen years. The curse he placed on her seals away most of her ability while the school\'s Magitek barrier weakens her significantly. Considering that the one time we see her without the power limiters, she takes out a demon god in one shot it\'s probably good that she isn\'t perpetually at full power. That doesn\'t go to say she doesn\'t have some tricks up her sleeve. Hundreds of years of life will do that. In times of dire need, the headmaster is willing to release her curse temporarily for a good Deus ex Machina.\n The Youma suppression pills in Claymore were designed to dampen a Claymore\'s power and let her act covertly. Later on they were used to  allow seven warriors to survive a suicide mission by faking their deaths.\n In Alice Academy, there are power-limiting masks and earrings.\n In Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicle, Fay\'s phoenix tattoo (which covers his entire back) restrains his huge innate magical powers. When he trades it to Yuuko for a place in the traveling party, he swears off using his magic for fear of what might happen without the limit in place. Although,  it turns out he\'s MORE dangerous with it than without, due to being cursed to kill the first person he meets whose magic exceeds his own. Suppressing his magic only makes it more likely he\'ll run across someone stronger.\n Just as a reminder, without that limiter,  Fay\'s magic can destroy an entire world/dimension/at least country when he has a Super Power Meltdown.\n Sergeant Keroro wears a power limiter during the monsoon season to prevent him from turning into "Keroro From Back Then". (Although I\'ve only seen it in Volume 9 of the manga)\n The titular character from Hell Teacher Nube wears a black glove to keep his Oni Hand hidden away, and so it looks and functions as a regular human hand. When the glove comes off, the hand becomes monstrous in size and appearance, but he still keeps limits on his power with his own spiritual abilities and the help of his mentor\'s spirit.\n A more direct application lies in the Oni-Sealing Bracelets which En no Gy\u014dja left scattered throughout Japan (usually to seal something else, which Nube then has to contend with after taking the bracelet.) When he wears these on his Oni Hand, he can consciously allow a specific percentage of the Oni\'s power to manifest itself, while remaining in full control.\n In Yu-Gi-Oh!, Joey Wheeler says that the card "Gearfried the Iron Knight" uses his suit of armor to control his power. Joey then plays "Release Restraint" to reveal Gearfired\'s true form: the much more powerful "Gearfried the Swordmaster."\n Aki Izayoi (Akiza Izinski)\'s hairband in Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D\'s supposedly holds back her psychic powers, although whether or not it\'s really a Magic Feather remains to be seen. When it falls out of her hair while fighting against Yusei, her psychic powers seem to really hit home, but that may be psychological.\n Miyanaga Saki from Saki takes off her shoes to get a power up in mahjong.\n Parodied twice in Sayonara, Zetsubou-Sensei. In one instance, Harumi\'s glasses are revealed to have a tremendous weight and prevent her from exercising her full athletic potential (and she\'s an amazing athlete with the glasses on). The terminology used to describe them is a Shout-Out to the Restraining Bolt for mecha in Neon Genesis Evangelion. On another occasion, Nozomu is challenged by Lee Nakanao who is a parody of the stock Rival/ Worthy Opponent of shounen fighting anime. Lee is a white haired Bish\u014dnen with an Eyepatch of Power, and when providing stats on him, the manga indicates that the eyepatch restrains his full power and he\'d go berserk if he removed it.\n Yuki Nagato from Haruhi Suzumiya requests permission from her boss to use her powers, and later adds a second layer of restriction in the form of Kyon.\n The mail-order Power Suit that Gosunkugi buys in Ranma \xbd. All things considered, it\'s extremely powerful tech: it can withstand Ranma\'s full-power punches without even a dent (and injuring Ranma\'s knuckles in return,) provides its wearer the speed to deliver Rapid-Fire Fisticuffs on par with Ranma, and, naturally, also provides Super Strength. What prevents misuse and abuse by any common crook? Three basic rules: a) it\'s unbelievably heavy, so once assembled, it effectively locks into place and the user cannot budge one inch until his rival is in range, at which point it automatically latches onto them with a retractable handcuff and powers up; b) once latched onto the rival, the armor will deactivate and fall apart by itself as soon as the user successfully strikes the enemy; and c) the user has a time limit to accomplish this, otherwise the armor will self-destruct.\n In DieBuster, all of the Topless wear a small sticker on their foreheads that keeps their powers in check. Given that without it, they\'re low-level, localized Reality Warpers, this is understandable.\n Given to Mewtwo in Pok\xe9mon: The First Movie. When he meets with Giovanni for the first time, he barely has control of his psychic abilities and is given the armor to slowly focus his power.\n Used in the background of the Macross franchise, in which their Variable Fighters have by the time of Macross Plus achieved a performance level which exceeds all practicality, capable of applying G-forces which would kill the pilot, and a top speed in an atmosphere such that friction with the air would cause the plane itself to burn up. Other limiters mention maximum safe thrust in a vacuum due to heat buildup. By Macross Frontier, new technology has allowed some of these limits to be pushed out. Most mentions now are just a Continuity Nod to Macross Plus, where it served as a plot device to further demonstrate Guld\'s sacrifice, as he disables his limiters in order to get the performance he needed to destroy the X-9 Ghost, at the cost of his own life.\n We see a couple of instances of this in Kamisama Kiss. The first is  Tomoe who had one placed on him when he became a familiar. Next we find out that the reason Kurama\'s powers in the human world are very weak is because a tengu\'s powers are derived from the mountain they were born on and the further away they are they are, and the longer they are away, the weaker those powers get.\n In Toriko, Mansam limits his strength with Knocking. Without the Knocking, he\'s a rampaging near-unstoppable berserker.\n Digimon Xros Wars: The Young Hunters Leaping Through Time has Gumdramon, who has a golden band on his tail. The band was put there to keep him from using his abilities selfishly and becomes an Amplifier Artifact when exposed to The Power of Friendship.\n The Build Burning Gundam of Gundam Build Fighters Try has a unique one - it was hidden within the shell of a MS-09 Dom.\n In Plastic Memories, Giftias are equipped with one that restricts their super strength and speed. One reason Wanderers are so hazardous to face is because this limiter is switched off when a Giftia becomes a Wanderer. Alternatively, the limiter can be switched off manually, which is part of SAI\'s protocol in using their own Giftias to subdue Wanderers.\n In Re-Kan!, Hibiki\'s ability to see ghosts never gets out-of-control as such, but her utter inability to refuse help to any ghost she encounters does take its toll on her. At one point, when she\'s been pushed to utter exhaustion, her friends force her to wear her mother\'s Sixth Sense Blocking Spectacles, which prevent her from seeing (and even hearing) ghosts, giving her a much-needed reprieve.\n In Tokyo Ghoul :Re, this is the key difference between normal One-Eyed Ghouls and the Quinx. While the methods to create them are essentially the same, the Quinx have a system installed to limit their powers (and therefore, how close to being a true half-Ghoul they are). The Frame System consists of five layers of Quinque Steel, encasing the transplanted organ to limit how much it changes the host\'s biology. Removing each layer increases the potential power output by 20%, but increases risk of losing control or becoming a true half-Ghoul.\n In The Legend of Koizumi, during "The Twilight Of The Gods" story arc, the Pope is revealed to have been wearing "The Shackles Of Golgotha", a set of heavy wrist weights, for years in order to restrain his true power. (Koizumi remarks that he\'s probably been using less than a tenth of his full potential until then.) This is still a manga about playing mahjong.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Comic Books\xa0\n In X-Men: The Last Stand, not to mention in the original comics it was based on, we learn that Professor Xavier placed a mental block in Jean Grey as a child, to keep her more extreme powers from manifesting.\n Also, in the original Phoenix storyline in the comics, Jean unconsciously put blocks on her vast cosmic power to keep it at a level she could handle. Then, Mastermind started removing them. BAD move.\n Also, Cyclops\' goggles, which keep his uncontrollable Eye Beams under wraps. If he takes his glasses off completely and opens his eyes fully he can hold off even the Juggernaut (for a little while, anyway) and once atomized a Sentinel. The bad news is that it means destroying everything else in the area too, so he doesn\'t do it often.\n Cable\'s Psychic Powers are canonically Phoenix-class-or-higher, but the majority of his power is constantly occupied, holding back the techno-organic virus that threatens to consume him. As such, he typically relies on BFGs and the occasional nowhere-near-Phoenix-class telekinetic feat.\n Similar to Jean Grey, in the post-Zero Hour Legion of Super-Heroes, blocks were put on the higher levels of Saturn Girl\'s telepathy when she was a child. When the blocks came off years later, she started using her powers without realizing it.\n Albert Cranston in PS238 is implied, early on, to have one of these around his head. Apparently they limit his (apparent) telekinetic abilities to a level where he is barely able to press a keyboard button with his mind, and it seems that he is keeping the fact that he is even able to do this a secret from the remaining staff, implying it was meant to be a Power Nullifier.\n That\'s exactly what it\'s for. Governmentally-enforced, no less.\n During the Christopher Kent storyline in Superman, Superman had him wear a watch much of the time that emitted red sunlight to keep him normal as he hadn\'t learned to control his powers yet. He could take it off any time he wanted but kept it on most of the time out of respect for Superman.\n In Superman & Batman: Generations, Kara Kent wore a red sunlight pendant during early childhood when her powers started manifesting. Lois had previously worn the same pendant when she was pregnant with Kara to keep the Kryptonian infant from damaging her.\n The Spectre\'s power is severely limited when sealed in a mortal host. The Spectre still has near-omnipotent power but can only use it to punish murderers (and not every murderer at that). During the Day of Vengeance event the Spectre was between hosts and fell prey to Eclipso\'s manipulations and decided that magic was an affront to the Presence\'s will and had to be destroyed. The Spectre declared war on all magic in the universe. And pretty much won. Without anything holding him back, the Spectre turned Phantom Stranger into a mouse, forced Blaze and Satanus to flee for their lives, kicked a souped up Captain Marvel\'s ass, killed Shazam in the place where he was strongest, and killed all of the Lords of Order and Chaos. Unfortunately for the Spectre that last one was the final straw for the Presence. The Presence promptly demonstrated the difference between near-omnipotent and omnipotent power by sealing the Spectre into his new host.\n The newest version of Steel (a member of the Justice Society not to be confused with John Henry Irons) wears a solid metal skin with no joints in order to resist his strength enough for him to function. It has draw backs like not being able to feel pretty much anything.\n Five of the six Infinity Gems act as control rods for the sixth, the Reality gem, which cannot be used alone (unlike the other five). Trying to do so will result in Reality Is Out to Lunch (as Thanos painfully found out).\n Jamie Madrox, a.k.a. Multiple Man of X-Factor, has to wear one sometimes. His mutant power is Me\'s a Crowd, making copies of himself. The problem is Power Incontinence. The duplicates are triggered by physical impact, like getting punched or stamping his foot. Sometimes, though, his power is so sensitive that just a casual bump would make one appear, so he usually has to wear soft armor so that he can make duplicates voluntarily but not by accident.\n Beta Ray Bill\'s cyborg body was built with one of these, releasing it more than triples his power for a short time, but runs the risk of burning out his power.\n The Green Lantern Corps were given various restrictions on the power of their rings by the Guardians of the Universe, such as the inability to directly kill someone with them. The Guardians later released these restrictions.\n A future version of Fantastic Four\'s Franklin Richards known as Psi-Lord wears a specialized power armor designed to drain his immense psychic abilities. Without it, he was able to release power equivalent to the Big Bang.\n Before that, Reed Richards had to install mental blocks within Franklin when his powers started to manifest. Of course, putting it on him while putting him in a coma did near him a What the Hell, Hero? from Sue.\n The lightning bolt embedded in Radioactive Man\'s head acts as a control rod, preventing the nuclear reaction in his body from going supercritical (and turning him evil).\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Fairy Tales\xa0\n The Runner from the fairy tale The Six Who Went Far in the World wore a single weighted boot, so he wasn\'t running around at full speed all the time.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Films \u2014 Animated\xa0\n Jafar is defeated in the first Aladdin movie by the limits of being a genie. "Phenomenal cosmic powers... itty-bitty living space."\n Elsa from Frozen has near-constant Power Incontinence, causing her to freeze everything she touches and accidentally create snow and/or ice whenever she moves her hands too quickly. To counteract this, her father makes her wear gloves. It\'s shown to work... unless she\'s particularly distressed, for example when her mother and father suddenly die, she\'s shown to have coated a large area around her in ice, despite the gloves.\n Since Elsa\'s powers activate due to strong emotions, it\'s very likely that her gloves work like a placebo; she thinks that the gloves might help her, which calmes her down and prevents her ice powers from activating.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Films \u2014 Live-Action\xa0\n In The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, the world\'s fastest runner constantly has a ball and chain attached to each of his feet.\n In Man of Steel, the Kryptonians\' Powered Armor filter their Super Senses whilst on Earth. When Superman breaks Zod\'s face mask after repeatedly punching him in the face, he suffers Sensory Overload. He adapts, though.\n X-Men:\n In X-Men: The Last Stand, not to mention in the original comics it was based on, we learn that Professor Xavier placed a mental block in Jean Grey as a child, to keep her more extreme powers from manifesting.\n In X-Men: First Class, Erik observes that Mystique\'s physical strength is effectively halved because she is concentrating on maintaining a human appearance. This explains her tendency to "decloak" for her fight scenes in the original movies.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Fan Works\xa0\n In the fanfic Co Op Mode, James can help those he invites into his Party into gaining Skills, but it is limited by them only learning up to the number they have for INT. As per Word of God, this is so as to avoid logical exploits like learning a thousand Skills in order to get through fights with just the passives.\n In the Pok\xe9 Wars series it is revealed that Pok\xe9mon and humans possess natural power limiters that keep their attacks to a non-lethal level and reduce their bloodlust and aggressiveness. The series revolves around what happens after those limiters are suddenly released and the Pok\xe9mon are psychically commanded to kill all humans.\n What kicks off the plot in Escape from the Hokage\'s Hat. During the Sasuke retrieval mission, Naruto managed to win his fight against Sasuke but almost died. He aimed for Sasuke\'s wing which took Sasuke down but threw the aim off the Chidori from his heart to most of his right side and his whole right arm while Naruto was suffering from charka exhaustion to boost. While in surgery Tsunade finds multiple limiters on Naruto ranging from intelligence dampening to massively suppressing his hormones and libido and his motor functions. The reason she isn\'t on Jiraiya\'s (resident seal master) case for not notifying her of the seals is because they were blood seals made from Naruto\'s own blood so they wouldn\'t be seen by a regular medical scan. While Jiraiya says removing them would give him a major permanent boost (the seals held a large chunk of Naruto\'s power), there is a downside to it due to the seals being so ingrained into Naruto\'s body. Naruto would generally have the motor functions of a 5 month year old, Kage level reserves with zero control and a brain that\'s just started working at normal capacity.\n The admins in The Infinite Loops originally designed subspace pockets to drain power away from Loopers in order to keep them from accidentally collapsing a universe. The fact that the pockets also serve as Hammer Space and carry things between loops is just an added bonus.\n In Unwell, Twilight Sparkle is said to be on these as a result of an illness that\'s exacerbated by excessive magic levels. And had been since foalhood. The results of another pony taking her medications are ... BAD.\n The Elements Of Friendship: Book II reveals that Celestia\'s regalia are this to her, as the full untapped extent of her Power Of The Sun would either incinerate or irradiate everything around her.\n Adorable Murderbeasts : A fanfic where a Self-Insert is put into the Young Justice universe with six Pokeballs and all the items from the games, he uses the Macho Brace, Power Bracers, and Power Anklets to increase his training so he can faster match the various threats of the DC Universe.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Literature\xa0\n Done by choice in the Taltos novels of the Dragaera series, where Sethra Lavode is revealed to be one and the same with Kiera the Thief, and in this persona achieved success with hard work and minimal use of magic, refusing to use any resource or knowledge she didn\'t gain as  Kiera, even though in her true form she is an equal to the gods. Her explanation was simply that she got bored.\n In the Fingerprints series, Rae\'s Psychic Powers initially drive her into a mental institution. In later books, she starts putting wax on her fingertips as a sort of improvised Power Limiter to keep other peoples\' thoughts out of her head, since she can\'t turn her ability off.\n Merlin Athrawes is actually a machine posing as one of the planet Safeholds legendary seijin. This lets him perform above and beyond your average human, but he still keeps a Power Limiter active to avoid being too above and beyond, and only removes them in extreme circumstances.\n In Mistborn Vin\'s  earring acts like this since it\'s really a Hemalurgic spike that blocks her from absorbing the mist and becoming Preservation. If you\'re fighting her and she loses that earring somehow, get ready to have your ass handed to you on a tray.\n In Ravenor vs. Eisenhorn, the cuffs.\n Also a choice made by those who choose to summon Daemonhosts; the more of the Daemon\'s power is permitted to escape, the less control is possible. Cherubael is weaker working for Eisenhorn because Eisenhorn wants to keep him under control.\n Employed by the government in Harrison Bergeron to make sure that nobody ever excels at anything, ostensibly to make everyone equal.\n In Harry Potter, part of Neville Longbottom\'s problem performing magic is the fact that he is using his father\'s wand for the first 5 books. Once he gets one that is specifically made for him, his abilities improve dramatically.\n In the Discworld series, a Wizard\'s natural instinct is to build a magic tower, and then obliterate every other wizard standing (it\'s noted that the plural of "wizard" used to be "war"). The Unseen University with its associated lifestyle of multiple rich meals a day, bureaucracy, and general work-avoidance, acts as a Power Limiter helping keep those instincts in check, and when the system is temporarily upended in Sourcery, things go very bad, very fast.\n In Tolkien\'s Legendarium, the Istari ("wizards"), most prominently including Gandalf (as well as Saruman and others) all have a built-in power limiter, albeit one that is barely hinted at in The Lord of the Rings; for full reveal, The Silmarillion must be perused. The Istari are actually Maiar, a subtype of Ainur, members of the first race of beings brought forth by the Creator before the dawn of time. Although of "lesser order and power" than the godlike Valar, they also are immortal of the Complete Immortality variety, and their ethereal "natural form" vastly exceeds the power and ability levels of all but the very greatest mortals in Middle-Earth history (none of which are around by the time of the War of the Ring; Galadriel at the height of her power is little more than a reflection of the abilities of her greatest ancestors). However, because of ancient and complex rules, restrictions, and covenants, they are only allowed to help in the war against the dark powers in an advisory capacity. While occasionally capable of feats beyond men or elves (such as the White Council banishing Sauron from Dol Guldur, alluded to in The Hobbit, Gandalf destroying the Balrog in Moria, breaking Saruman\'s hold over Theoden of Rohan and later stripping Saruman of his power altogether, or repeatedly repelling the Ringwraiths), most of the time they are just what is says on the tin \u2014 wizened, crotchety old men that only those in the know have any reason to be wary of. Gandalf\'s power limiter is not removed when he is promoted to Gandalf the White (in reward for his efforts on behalf of Middle-Earth and so that he may finish his task) \u2014 it is merely dialed down a notch.\n Journey to Chaos: The entire guild lobby was outfitted with runes that suppress  Mia\'s hammerspace ability so she can control it instead of turning into a blackhole.\n In the Towers Trilogy, Xhea initially believes that she is an Un-Sorcerer with no magic whatsoever, but later learns that she possesses dark magic which has been suppressed by a limiter for most of her life. Her mother cast the limiter spell on her when she was a child to prevent her dark magic from killing her, but it breaks when Xhea pushes herself into a Heroic RROD at the climax of Radiant.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Live-Action TV\xa0\n The classic tokusatsu example is Ultraman\'s Color Timer, where once he transforms has only three minutes to kill the monster and change back or he "will never rise again."\n In Kamen Rider Kiva, Wataru (the titular hero) has his  Dhampyr and Rider abilities are chained in two ways: symbolically in that being a  Half-Human Hybrid denies him most of the powers of his vampiric heritage, and literally with the chains adorning Kiva\'s armor that bring its power down to manageable levels. When he unlocks Emperor Form, the Transformation Sequence actually begins with one of his sidekicks shattering the chains.\n Later in the series, Wataru gets his hands on an Evil Weapon that makes him go berserk. His Battle Butlers use a fragment of their souls to create a new Power Limiter that lets him use the sword without going crazy.\n In official materials from Kamen Rider Fourze, the Horoscopes\' cloaks limit their powers, and removing them allows each Horoscope to fight at full strength. It acts as one level of three, the others being Cloakless and Supernova.\n Fourze himself has one in that he can\'t change to his Cosmic States if the bond between him and his friends weakens. Although by the time they figure that out he\'s fighting the strongest villains in the show and it doesn\'t pose much of a problem for him anymore, because he can\'t believably be fighting them without it.\n In Mahou Sentai Magiranger Hikaru ends up having to put a time limit on the main team\'s Legend Modes so that they don\'t lose their humanity.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Tabletop Games\xa0\n In Magic: The Gathering, a few creatures have some way to become more powerful if certain conditions are met, and many of these are implied to be removal of a power limiter of some kind.\n Imperial Guard Sanctioned Psykers from Warhammer 40,000 have augmetic dampers implanted to reduce the potency of their powers.\n Similarly, Wystan Frauka, Ravenor\'s Blank, has a power limiter which can turn off his psychic blanking effect. Which is handy, when the hero is a powerful psychic...\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Video Games\xa0\n The Slayer class in Dungeon Fighter Online is a swordsman with a red, demon-possessed arm that constantly tries to take over the rest of his body. Right from the start, he\'s got a Power Limiter in the form of mystical shackles attached to the arm. One of his class advancements, the Blade Master, receives a more-powerful version called a Regulator, which allows him to focus nearly entirely on his swordplay and supresses the demon so strongly his arm turns white and glows. His alternate class advancements are much less positive, which involve striking a bargain with the demon to trade his eyes for power, learning the enslave the demon and others like it which will ultimately end up with him dead due to them or just giving into the possession completely.\n Potemkin in Guilty Gear wears a restraint system designed to keep him under control during the years he was a slave; his collar had a bomb wired into it. Even now, having gained freedom, he still wears it to keep his strength in check. In his Instant Kill, he briefly removes it, and then kills the opponent with one punch.\n As well, Sol Badguy, from the same series, wears a pseudo-magical headband which suppresses his true nature as a Super Prototype Gear, a race of magical living weapons of mass destruction, and allows him to retain his sanity. However, this comes at a cost of somewhere in the vicinity of 90% of his power. Given his already amazing battle skill, and his ability to destroy commander-level Gears with minimal effort, his true potental can be rather frightening to consider.\n Still, That Man seems to casually fight him after Sol removes his limiter. Even at the end of the battle, barely any damage was done to That Man. Makes one wonder how powerful That Man really is.\n Xenogears has the surface dwellers\' and Solarians\' powers limited by a nanomachine device literally called a Limiter. You get to destroy this Limiter later and unlock awesome new techs for your character.\n Limiters are used in a lot of ways, not just to ensure that surfacers and Solarians can\'t attain their full power.  Fei also gets a Limiter that keeps his Superpowered Evil Side under control, with a system that allows him to release his Id powers in a controlled fashion. It breaks later.\n Later on, the heroes remove the Limiters on everyone. It turns out that removing the Limiters of nameless NPCs is a bad idea.\n Xenoblade Shulk ponders early on that the there must be a reason why the Monado can\'t cut people and faced Mechon. Later it turns out  the Monado\'s is "in shackles" in it\'s current form. Once Zanza unlocks it into the Monado II, those restrictions no longer apply. And it turns out that even that form is still limiting it\'s power when the Monado III is revealed.\n In Romancing SaGa 2 if you kill Rockbouquet before Noel, he will not allow you to make peace with him and will attack at full power; it is even worse if he is the only remaining hero since he will be the Penultimate Boss in the final dungeon; he will be in his second form and without the limiter, meaning he will use every technique at his disposal.\n K\' in The King of Fighters is forced to wear a special gauntlet, lest his flame control powers run wild. Normally, flame-users in KOF have perfect control, but since K\' got his powers through an imperfect process, he has no control over them.\n As of 2003 and XIII, it\'s implied he doesn\'t need it anymore but now wears it out of habit.\n Both K9999 and Nameless have this too. It simplied that Nameless\'s glvoe is the reincarnation of his long dead lover or something.\n Rugal Bernstein and Krizalid have first forms wherein they wear a tuxedo for Rugal or a huge coat for Kriz. Once they come off...well, don\'t say we didn\'t warn you. Rugal\'s tux is probably worn by Rugal for laughs, where as Kriz\'s coat is unexplained but could be this. Rugal flings his off, and Krizalid burns his, BTW.\n Street Fighter III\'s Oro willingly wears one of his arms in a sling while fighting as to use both would run the risk of killing his opponent due to his sheer power. During one of his Super Arts, however, he removes the arm and beats the crap out of the opponent.\n Cody Travers wears his prison-issued handcuffs in Street Fighter Alpha 3 and Super Street Fighter IV for much the same reason, though he does so in order to up his own challenge as well as give his opponent a fair(er) bout. He proves it\'s a limiter by casually removing his cuffs during his taunts in order to stretch his wrists.\n In StarCraft, the Terran Ghosts go through brutal training to suppress their innate abilities and allow their superiors to keep better control over them. It can be reversed, though; Infested Kerrigan raids a Terran ship to find out how to do it, unlocking the Psionic Storm attack.\n The gold rings on Shadow the Hedgehog\'s wrists act as a limiter. It was barely implied in the games, however in Sonic X he takes them off in certain desperate situations. In the comic he takes them off to fight Enerjak, warning the people of New Mobotropolis to "clear the area" and giving Nicole difficulty in maintaining the city.\n It\'s canon in the games as of Sonic 2006. When Mephiles surrounds Shadow by duplicating himself several hundred times, Shadow removes the rings from his wrists and proceeds to curbstomp the entire clone army. He immediately puts them back on afterward.\n Used twice on the same character in Tales of the Abyss. A piece of Applied Phlebotinum is used to bring Jade down 30 levels so he wouldn\'t be spectacularly overleveled for most of the game. Later, through a sidequest or two, you learn that Jade\'s eyes are where his ability to use fonic artes is most concentrated, and his glasses prevent all the fonic energy from going out of control and destroying him and whatever he happens to be standing by. (The glasses do come off for the final battle against the Big Bad, however...)\n In Super Robot Wars, pretty much every Super Robot used by the Shadow-Mirrors is able to deactivate its power limiter by reciting a code word or phrase, i.e. "Code: Kirin". This is never used as a plot point, however, just an implied powerup during the characters\' strongest attacks.\n In God Hand, Gene wears the Deistic brace on his god hand so that he can keep control over the awesome power it contains. The braces, along with Gene\'s other arm, are removed for the final fight.\n Certain held items in Pok\xe9mon act as simultaneous Power Limiters and Power at a Price. The various "Power ________" items sacrifice Speed to increase another stat\'s development speed. The Iron Ball cuts Speed and removes the Flying-type immunity to Ground moves, but gives the strongest possible base power for the move Fling. Certain abilities, like Truant and Slow Start act as Power Limiters.\n Machoke\'s belt is also an example, preventing it from expending all its power at once.\n Diamond and Pearl show that the Pok\xe9 Balls themselves serve as Power Limiters on particularly powerful mons, driving Cyrus to seek alternative methods to enslave the local gods of time and space.\n The chest seals on Golett and Golurk keep their power at a manageable level.\n Espurr and Meowstic keep their ears folded to hold back the immense, uncontrollable psychic power that they produce. They are even classified as the "Restraint Pok\xe9mon" and "Constraint Pok\xe9mon" respectively.\n Star Ocean: The Second Story\'s final boss Indalecio used his daughter Filia as a limiter on his power. If, after reaching the final level of Fienal, the player decides to trek all the way back to Central City, do a private action and encounter Filia again, Indalecio will find her and kill her, removing his limiter. With his limiter off, he\'s almost unstoppable.\n In God of War 3, Hercules starts out as a Mighty Glacier, but when Kratos pulls off his armor and weapons, he becomes much faster, turning into a Lightning Bruiser.\n Fate/stay night\'s Heaven\'s Feel scenario has Shirou  losing an arm and having Archer\'s arm (and Magic Circuits) grafted on (supposed to be impossible, but...), which would kill him if he used it much at all, thus forcing him to utilize a magical shroud to block it off. HF also reveals that Rider has been under a power limiter the whole time as well. If not for the limiter, the ability they block might accidentally kill everyone around her. With it off, she gains increased abilities as well.\n Rider\'s Self-Sealing Dark Temple functions similarly to Shiki\'s glasses in Tsukihime. In fact, Touko also creates a pair of glasses for Rider for everyday purposes.\n In Shin Megami Tensei: Strange Journey, Alilat served as one of these. While now Metatron can siphon a bit of his power back, it means now Demiurge\'s power lines just got unclogged...\n In Phantasy Star Online there\'s actually an item named Limiter. Once you get 20,000 kills with it equipped, it can become an Adept.\n Deathwing from World of Warcraft Cataclysm has massive elementium plates welded onto his body to keep his own power from tearing him apart. He\'s still noticably "leaking" power despite them, and is in constant agony.\n When the final battle comes, you tear off the plates to defeat him  only for his body to transform into an Eldritch Abomination capable of single-handedly killing any of the other Aspects and ending the world in a minute flat.\n In the Diablo series, the first humans of Sanctuary (and Sanctuary itself) were Angel-Demon hybrids called the Nephalem. They possessed power beyond any angel or demon and more significantly were Immune to Fate. The Angels feared their power and created the Worldstone to limit their power. Then Tyrael was forced to destroy the Worldstone after Baal corrupted it in Throne of Destruction. Cue the sequel, and the first of the new Nephalem become powerful enough to slay the reincarnated God of Evil.\n In Asura\'s Wrath, Deus\'s cape is shown to be weighted, as evidenced in episode 15.5.\n Inhibitors in League of Legends limit the enemy\'s nexus into summoning weaker minions instead of the mighty super minions. However, this is mainly to Hand Wave why destroying such structures grants your team super minions.\n It was stated in the lore once, but possibly retconned out later, that the Nexus and summoning spell that calls the Champions onto the Fields of Justice regulate power as well, to ensure an even playing field. This is more or less a necessity when the champions range from a anthropomorphic hamster with a blowgun to minor deities.\n There is also a lore-only example in Xerath, a mage who turned himself into what seems to be a being of pure magical energy, but was then sealed in a metal sarchophagus. An unspecified amount of centuries later, the sarchophagus is broken into pieces, allowing him to move about and cast some spells, but they\'re still attached to him and limiting his power, though he is trying to remedy the situation.\n Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance has an interesting example. Raiden\'s new cyborg body has all the bells and whistles, including systems to allow him to fight on while injured/damaged.  It turns out these are also keeping "Jack" in check. When an attempt to break Raiden by talking works a little too well, he demands Doktor turn off his supposedly-helpful pain inhibitors, allowing his Combat Sadomasochist Superpowered Evil Side to let rip.\n In BlazBlue: Continuum Shift, Hazama explained that Noel\'s Nox Nyctores Bolverk actually functions as a limiter to sustain her emotions, thus when Bolverk broke, Noel unlocked her true form - Mu-12. This only happens because he was riling her up at the time, however. When Rachel takes Bolverk from her in an alternate timeline, she instead loses all self-confidence and dissolves into tears.\n And Chronophantasma gives us Azrael\'s Enchant Dragunov (indicated by the tatoos adorning his body) that he uses so he doesn\'t kill his opponent too soon. This is his power without said seal...\n The coat worn by the T-103 Tyrant in Resident Evil 2, according to supplementary materials, is specifically designed to prevent him from mutating. Once it\'s burned off he grows to twice his size, sprouts big claws, and becomes far more aggressive and faster.\n The same concept applies to just about any clothed Tyrants in the franchise. If it wears a Badass Longcoat, odds are good that the coat is keeping it from turning into a mindless monster.\n It is revealed near the end of Bioshock Infinite that  the Siphon actually limits Elizabeth\'s powers at the request of Comstock to better manage and keep her under control. By destroying the Siphon Tower using Songbird, Elizabeth gains the full potential of her powers which allowed her to see through the multi universe of the world and its truth.\n The many incredibly powerful beings of Touhou Project fight using the nonlethal Spellcards instead of their true powers to avoid unnecessary bloodshed, especially when beings vital to the existance of the world are involved. For instance, someone like Flandre Scarlet could probably reduce Reimu Hakurei to a black spec of ash on the floor, but then the Barrier around Gensokyo would collapse, so this situation would really not benefit anybody at all. Additionally, it\'s balanced to give even the weakest individuals a chance to win against the strongest ones around.\n Stage 1 boss Rumia wears a ribbon-like amulet which she cannot take off or even touch. What exactly the amulet does has never been shown in canon, but a popular and likely theory goes that it\'s a power limiter. The fandom refers to the hypothetical unsealed entity as "EX Rumia", and she is usually portrayed as excessively powerful, winged and wielding a giant sword.\n In Len\'en Project, the main protagonist Yabusame Houren has the ability to cross dimensions. She has to wear a "two-dimensional" cloth to keep her from just hopping to different dimensions on a whim.\n In the digital cardgame \'\'Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft we have the card 2 mana cost card Ancient Watcher\u25ca which has a massive 4 attack and 5 health, but has a limiter which prevents it from attacking. Silencing the card will disable this limiter and makes it a potent threat.\n In its obsessive dedication to accuracy, Euro Truck Simulator 2 imposes the speed limiters required by law in Europe on the game\'s trucks. Later versions let you disable the limiter. This generally results in a hard lesson as to \'\'why\'\' those laws were made in the first place.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Webcomics\xa0\n Agatha\'s brooch in Girl Genius inhibits her "spark" of Mad Science genius  and later prevents her from being taken over by her mother.\n In "Bob and George", George has self esteem issues. He is also a wuss.\n Kili\'s tattoos in The Dragon Doctors limit her shaman powers and protect her from insanity through dead people. Note that she\'s still the best shaman in the world, and her tattoos would completely negate the powers of a normal shaman.\n Eclair from Dragon Mango is always seen wearing armor, which fits her concept as she is a swordfighter. But it\'s also made of iron, which hurts and weakens an elf (which she is) by its mere touch! She is also a graduate of swordfighting style with an insanely dangerous training method (most students either flee, die or go insane long before completing training) focused on enduring the touch of iron. When she goes up against an extremely powerful enemy, she drops the armor to unleash her full potential.\n Black Mage from 8-Bit Theater has a huge amount of untapped potential power that is indicated to be enough to bring about at least one of the X-clases on the Apocalypse How scale. How does the universe stop this Omnicidal Maniac from destroying all reality? His physical body limits the amount of power he can access. As a result, after he died the first time (and a large hoard of terrified demons and the villains of the comic stuck him back into his physical form), the universe has been very careful to make sure he doesn\'t die.\n Kin in Goblins, as part of her enslavement to Dellyn, has been fitted with a magical leash that supresses her magic abilities and prevents her from harming anyone else if the leash is being held.\n In Rescuing Dara, like in Pok\xe9mon, Chivais\' Everstone prevents her from evolving, which would make her an even more powerful fighter than she already is.\n Dominic Deegan\'s younger brother Gregory learned White Magic while afflicted with blight of the undead, already fairly powerful when the blight got ripped out he released a burst of white fire that healed the gaping wounds in himself and everyone around him. Similarly their mother Miranda the archmage discovered that her power had been limited by a geas from her predecessor and when it was removed her strength was so great as to be unmanageable, a simple energy bolt spell causing a huge explosion.\n Karin-dou 4koma: Seren has to wear one (in the form of bunny/cat ears!) to contain her immense power and allow her to use it for trivial things. Without it, focusing even a little bit of magical energy would make it become a high class magic.\n In Knights of Buena Vista, Adriana\'s Player Character has a 90% chance of accidentally casting magic thanks to Min-Maxing. To reduce this, she uses special gloves, and a meditation ability.\n In Sidekicks, alcohol suppresses a supublic\'s powers. It\'s the reason why Darkslug (and later Nightmare) is always drinking wine; so they don\'t annihilate opponents so quickly.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Original\xa0\n The Hawthorne Cottage resident Olympia, from the Whateley Universe. She\'s an enormously strong brick with energy powers, and she\'s insane. The school has her wearing a golden \'power armor suit\' that she thinks increases her strength. It\'s a Power Limiter. Everyone\'s hoping she doesn\'t figure this out.\n The villain, Wolf from The Descendants has an \'inhibitor\' that let\'s him control his were-wolf like transformations. Unlimited, he turns into a large wolf but is much dumber.\n This was the intended purpose the SCP Foundation had for convincing SCP-239 that she was a witch, thus limiting her power to a few "spells" that she needed a book and wand to do. It worked for a while, but then Incident 239-B happened and they just opted to put her in a coma.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Western Animation\xa0\n Hexadecimal\'s mask is this, though you wouldn\'t know it until it comes off. It prevents her nearly unlimited power from overloading her body and exploding.\n In the My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic universe, there\'s "Fledgling Forbearance", a spell used to curb a foal\'s Power Incontinence. It was introduced in the episode "The Crystalling", Baby Flurry Heart has said incontinence to Unwitting Instigator of Doom levels,  but she\'s curbed at the end with Sunburst\'s help.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Real Life\xa0\n The good old human body. Although those stories about a mother lifting a car to save her child are mostly urban legend; scientists estimate that the amount you can lift consciously (say in the gym) is about 2/3 your absolute maximum (before things tear and break) because of built-in limitations. At a lower level things start to hurt, persuading you to stop if carrying on isn\'t important, a long time before any damage is done.\n Ever put a bell on your cat so you\'ll always know where they are? Well, the things they hunt can tell too, effectively removing their stealthiness.\n Until the cat learns to silence the bell with a paw.\n Several real life training methods involve limiting ones power. While most people will think of weighted clothes (vest, ankles, gloves), there is also running underwater, sled dragging, or even practicing certain things at night when your eyes are not as useful.\n Many forms automobile racing use restrictors plates to limit the air intake, and thus the maximum power output of an engine. This is either to ensure parity or competitiveness between different cars (Le Mans Prototypes, GT racecars), or to reduce speeds that could lead to serious accidents (NASCAR superspeedways)\n When you install custom firmware on your router, you can set the transmit power to anything you want.\n It\'s worth noting that setting the power too high will result in the router quickly frying itself. For example, setting a router to 8 times its manufactured limit is quite likely to result in you having a brick in just 6 months time.\n Boring ordinary example would probably be Speed Limits. Most vehicles on the road can likely go faster than the legal limit.\n This is actually deliberate for two (plausible) reasons:\n After 65MPH/105KM/H, the air resistance imposed on all but the most aerodynamically designed cars ramps up dramatically, thus increasing your fuel consumption by a huge amount. For those who haul large loads with trucks, monitor and note your fuel consumption at 55MPH and 75MPH. Allegedly in the 70s during the fuel crisis, the US imposed a national 55MPH speed limit so people wouldn\'t eat up as much gas.\n If cars were designed with a top speed just above the speed limit, the engines would run near red line all the time. Redlining an engine is a great way to kill it faster.\n Really fancy cars have speed limits, such as the Bugatti Veyron, have this limit due to safety and because your tires will not last long at those speeds. Ever wonder why race cars change tires so often during a single race? Now you know.\n Motorcycle manufacturers agreed in 2000 to build motorcycles that can\'t go any faster than 300 km/h for safety reasons. However, they\'re limited by way of their ECUs, not by design.\n Often times there\'s a rev limiter to prevent redlining or the ECU has imposed limits so it doesn\'t let you use the full potential of a car... until you unlock it. We could say this is the original jailbreaking/rooting.\n Many modern cars these days are also receiving power limiters related to other aspects of performance, notably traction control, which does exactly what it says on the tin. These will either limit power by restricting the throttle when it detects traction giving, or may apply the brakes automatically on select wheels. Others have a limp mode where if the ECU detects a potentially major engine problem it will severely restrict engine performance to protect it and put on the Service Engine light. In some manual transmission cars you can induce this behavior by putting the car into too low a gear for your speed and releasing the clutch, forcing the engine to an RPM beyond its redline limiter, which happened on Top Gear. Don\'t Try This at Home, if you don\'t know what you\'re doing you really will destroy your engine. Watching an engine rod shoot through the hood is not a pleasant sight.\n Some tuned cars take this one step further. One such Mercedes featured on Top Gear needs its traction control on to floor the gas, otherwise it would just make the tires explode. At a standing start.\n The purpose of an anti-lock brake system is to limit the brakes\' strength so that they don\'t overtake the tires\' ability to retain traction with the road. Ironically, this improves the penultimate stopping power of the car, as tire traction is actually more important for stopping the vehicle.\n The M1A1 Abrams MBT has a "rev limiter" since it\'s jet engine doesnt have a max speed and the thing will catastrophically fail, that is very bad.\n Military fighters have had limiters of various forms in them for a while, some of which are removed when necessary.\n Alpha limiters are commonly found on modern fighter planes, which restrict the rate at which a plane can pitch. Why? Because if you didn\'t have them they\'d pitch so fast that the air flow will no longer be passing through the wings, but rather against the wings and control surfaces, resulting in a stall. Incidentally this performance characteristic is what enables Pugachev\'s Cobra and the Kulbit, but can be dangerous in any plane without thrust vectoring, as they lose virtually all control during a stall. It can also lead to undesirable situations, such as if a pilot wants a maximum performance turn to avoid an enemy attack, he may accidentally turn too fast, resulting in a loss of control, and likely a swift death by enemy fire.\n More common are soft power limiters on engine thrust, which go all the way back to World War 2. Pilots are often restricted with how much power they are permitted to draw from their engines during normal operating, and can only call upon maximum power (sometimes called Wartime Emergency Power) in an emergency, such as being engaged by enemy forces. This is because using the engine at full power results in significantly more maintenance when the plane lands, so don\'t try to do this just because you think no one\'s looking, the maintenance crew will figure it out pretty quick when you land, and even if they don\'t, you have to break a physical wire seal on the throttle to access it anyhow, and if you don\'t have a damn good reason for it expect a very thorough chewing out at the very least.\n Lawn mowers can jump from about 2 MPH to 60+ MPH by removing the limiter. People race them.\n And they use the Le Mans start (drivers start outside of their cars at one side of the road, cars at the other side, when flagman waves the green, the drivers run across the track to their cars, hop in, and get them started; this formation was used from the first running in 1924 to 1969). A classic, almost regal starting formation used to start lawnmower races. Nothing else needs to be said.\n When a top of the line CPU or GPU comes back defective, often times the manufacturer puts the settings lower by default or disables sections of the chip that aren\'t working and sells it as a cheaper model. Some people have found ways to "unlock" unused portions of the chip for more performance. The most famous case of this was with AMD\'s tri-core processors, which were quad-cores with a defective core. Unfortunately this is a rare thing now, as the section will be completely neutered of its communications. note\xa0This is to prevent people from buying cheaper units and unlocking the defective parts, then reselling them as higher-end models\n Thermal throttling. Most modern CPUs and GPUs will monitor their internal temperature, and deliberately lower their clock speed and running voltage to protect the chip from damage if it gets too hot.\n Which gave rise to the idea of "turbo clocks". Silicon with this tech can run stably at their "turbo" clock speed, but would exceed the current they\'re able to handle safely if above a certain core utilization. Thus, they monitor utilization (or in some cases the current draw directly) and adjust clock speed to keep things within spec. This is useful because many applications cannot reach utilization levels above that threshold, so the extra clock gives them a little more oomph.\n Intel sells "unlocked" processors, which allows for more overclocking headroom than "locked" processors. The locked part is the frequency multiplier.\n Graphics cards from AMD come with different official BIOS/firmware configurations. The default one tries to keeps the card a reasonable temperature and noise levels when running something. The "uber" versions just let the GPU run as fast as it wants within thermal tolerances (i.e., not frying itself).\n Cooling systems themselves can be thought as power limiters. Since the only way to increase performance of a part once its in the consumer\'s hands is overclocking, you can only overclock as much as the cooling system can keep the chip cool (among other factors, but this is the biggest one).\n\n\n', u'imagelink': u'', u'doctype': u'trope', u'links': [{u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/LyricalNanoha', u'titleofwork': u'Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/NeonGenesisEvangelion', u'titleofwork': u'Neon Genesis Evangelion'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/RebuildOfEvangelion', u'titleofwork': u'Rebuild of Evangelion'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/AhMyGoddess', u'titleofwork': u'Ah! My Goddess'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FushigiYuugiGenbuKaiden', u'titleofwork': u'Fushigi Yuugi Genbu Kaiden'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Hellsing', u'titleofwork': u'Hellsing'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/ProjectAKo', u'titleofwork': u'Project A-ko'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/DragonBallZ', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Ball Z'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/DragonBallZ', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Ball Z'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Naruto', u'titleofwork': u'Naruto'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/ThePrinceOfTennis', u'titleofwork': u'The Prince of Tennis'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/MedakaBox', u'titleofwork': u'Medaka Box'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Naruto', u'titleofwork': u'Naruto'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Bleach', u'titleofwork': u'Bleach'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/MobileSuitCrossboneGundam', u'titleofwork': u'Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/ShinryakuIkaMusume', u'titleofwork': u'Shinryaku! Ika Musume'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Saiyuki', u'titleofwork': u'Saiyuki'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/RosarioToVampire', u'titleofwork': u'Rosario + Vampire'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FruitsBasket', u'titleofwork': u'Fruits Basket'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/ScrappedPrincess', u'titleofwork': u'Scrapped Princess'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/ZettaiKarenChildren', u'titleofwork': u'Zettai Karen Children'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/MahouSenseiNegima', u'titleofwork': u'Mahou Sensei Negima!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Claymore', u'titleofwork': u'Claymore'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/AliceAcademy', u'titleofwork': u'Alice Academy'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/TsubasaReservoirChronicle', u'titleofwork': u'Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicle'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/HellTeacherNube', u'titleofwork': u'Hell Teacher Nube'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/YuGiOh', u'titleofwork': u'Yu-Gi-Oh!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/YuGiOh5Ds', u'titleofwork': u"Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's"}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Saki', u'titleofwork': u'Saki'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/HaruhiSuzumiya', u'titleofwork': u'Haruhi Suzumiya'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/DieBuster', u'titleofwork': u'DieBuster'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/PokemonTheFirstMovie', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon: The First Movie'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MacrossPlus', u'titleofwork': u'Macross Plus'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/KamisamaKiss', u'titleofwork': u'Kamisama Kiss'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Toriko', u'titleofwork': u'Toriko'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/DigimonXrosWarsTheYoungHuntersLeapingThroughTime', u'titleofwork': u'Digimon Xros Wars: The Young Hunters Leaping Through Time'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/GundamBuildFightersTry', u'titleofwork': u'Gundam Build Fighters Try'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/PlasticMemories', u'titleofwork': u'Plastic Memories'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/ReKan', u'titleofwork': u'Re-Kan!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/TokyoGhoul', u'titleofwork': u'Tokyo Ghoul'}, {u'genre': u'Anime & Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/TheLegendOfKoizumi', u'titleofwork': u'The Legend of Koizumi'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/XMenTheLastStand', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men: The Last Stand'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Cyclops', u'titleofwork': u'Cyclops'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Cable', u'titleofwork': u'Cable'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/PS238', u'titleofwork': u'PS238'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Superman', u'titleofwork': u'Superman'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/SupermanAndBatmanGenerations', u'titleofwork': u'Superman & Batman: Generations'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheSpectre', u'titleofwork': u'The Spectre'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/JusticeSocietyOfAmerica', u'titleofwork': u'Justice Society'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheInfinityGauntlet', u'titleofwork': u'Infinity Gems'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/X-Factor', u'titleofwork': u'X-Factor'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/BetaRayBill', u'titleofwork': u'Beta Ray Bill'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/FantasticFour', u'titleofwork': u'Fantastic Four'}, {u'genre': u'Comic Books', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/RadioactiveMan', u'titleofwork': u'Radioactive Man'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/Aladdin', u'titleofwork': u'Aladdin'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/Frozen', u'titleofwork': u'Frozen'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheAdventuresOfBaronMunchausen', u'titleofwork': u'The Adventures of Baron Munchausen'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ManOfSteel', u'titleofwork': u'Man of Steel'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/XMen', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/XMenTheLastStand', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men: The Last Stand'}, {u'genre': u'Films \u2014 Live-Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/XMenFirstClass', u'titleofwork': u'X-Men: First Class'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/CoOpMode', u'titleofwork': u'Co Op Mode'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/PokeWars', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9 Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/TheInfiniteLoops', u'titleofwork': u'The Infinite Loops'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheElementsOfFriendship', u'titleofwork': u'The Elements Of Friendship'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/AdorableMurderbeasts', u'titleofwork': u'Adorable Murderbeasts'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Fingerprints', u'titleofwork': u'Fingerprints'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Safehold', u'titleofwork': u'Safeholds'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/MistbornTheOriginalTrilogy', u'titleofwork': u'Mistborn'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/RavenorVsEisenhorn', u'titleofwork': u'Ravenor vs Eisenhorn'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotter', u'titleofwork': u'Harry Potter'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Discworld', u'titleofwork': u'Discworld'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/TolkiensLegendarium', u'titleofwork': u"Tolkien's Legendarium"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TowersTrilogy', u'titleofwork': u'Towers Trilogy'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Ultraman', u'titleofwork': u'Ultraman'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/KamenRiderKiva', u'titleofwork': u'Kamen Rider Kiva'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/KamenRiderFourze', u'titleofwork': u'Kamen Rider Fourze'}, {u'genre': u'Live-Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/MahouSentaiMagiranger', u'titleofwork': u'Mahou Sentai Magiranger'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/MagicTheGathering', u'titleofwork': u'Magic: The Gathering'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Warhammer40000', u'titleofwork': u'Warhammer 40,000'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Ravenor', u'titleofwork': u'Ravenor'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/GuiltyGear', u'titleofwork': u'Guilty Gear'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Xenogears', u'titleofwork': u'Xenogears'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Xenoblade', u'titleofwork': u'Xenoblade'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/RomancingSaGa2', u'titleofwork': u'Romancing SaGa 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheKingOfFighters', u'titleofwork': u'The King of Fighters'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/StreetFighterIII', u'titleofwork': u'Street Fighter III'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFight', u'titleofwork': u'Cody Travers'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SonicTheHedgehog2006', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic 2006'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TalesOfTheAbyss', u'titleofwork': u'Tales of the Abyss'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SuperRobotWars', u'titleofwork': u'Super Robot Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/GodHand', u'titleofwork': u'God Hand'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Pokemon', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/StarOceanTheSecondStory', u'titleofwork': u'Star Ocean: The Second Story'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/GodOfWar', u'titleofwork': u'God of War'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VisualNovel/FateStayNight', u'titleofwork': u'Fate/stay night'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ShinMegamiTenseiStrangeJourney', u'titleofwork': u'Shin Megami Tensei: Strange Journey'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/PhantasyStarOnline', u'titleofwork': u'Phantasy Star Online'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WorldOfWarcraft', u'titleofwork': u'World of Warcraft'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Diablo', u'titleofwork': u'Diablo'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/AsurasWrath', u'titleofwork': u"Asura's Wrath"}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/LeagueOfLegends', u'titleofwork': u'League of Legends'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MetalGearRisingRevengeance', u'titleofwork': u'Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/BlazBlueContinuumShift', u'titleofwork': u'BlazBlue: Continuum Shift'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/BlazblueChronophantasma', u'titleofwork': u'Chronophantasma'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/BioshockInfinite', u'titleofwork': u'Bioshock Infinite'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/LenEn', u'titleofwork': u"Len'en Project"}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/HearthstoneHeroesOfWarcraft', u'titleofwork': u'Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/EuroTruckSimulator2', u'titleofwork': u'Euro Truck Simulator 2'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/GirlGenius', u'titleofwork': u'Girl Genius'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/DragonMango', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Mango'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/EightBitTheater', u'titleofwork': u'8-Bit Theater'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Goblins', u'titleofwork': u'Goblins'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/RescuingDara', u'titleofwork': u'Rescuing Dara'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/DominicDeegan', u'titleofwork': u'Dominic Deegan'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/KarinDou4koma', u'titleofwork': u'Karin-dou 4koma'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/KnightsOfBuenaVista', u'titleofwork': u'Knights of Buena Vista'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Sidekicks', u'titleofwork': u'Sidekicks'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheDescendants', u'titleofwork': u'The Descendants'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wiki/SCPFoundation', u'titleofwork': u'SCP Foundation'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MyLittlePonyFriendshipIsMagic', u'titleofwork': u'My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic'}], u'title': u'Power Limiter - TV Tropes'}, u'_index': u'tropes_and_media'}, {u'_score': 0.023677904, u'_type': u'item', u'_id': u'48887', u'_source': {u'text': u'\n\n\n\n\nThey are coming...\n"You and I, Sam, are still stuck in the worst places of the story, and it is all too likely that some will say at this point: \'Shut the book now, dad; we don\'t want to read any more.\'"\n\u2014 Frodo, The Lord of the Rings, The Two Towers, Book IV\nDuring the course of a Story Arc, your characters can go places, have adventures, fight bad guys, and right wrongs. They\'ve loved and lost and learned...and then something happens. Something that they never expected. The bad guys win. The people turn against them. The team falls apart. The Hero Dies.\nAnd they don\'t have time to mourn or plan or get over their losses, because more bad things are happening. This is the point in a narrative when there\'s no hope, when the characters are at the edge of the Despair Event Horizon. It is frequently invoked for the strongest testing of The Hero\'s character: What You Are in the Dark.\nOlder Than Dirt, going back to The Epic of Gilgamesh. As an ancient and ubiquitous plot device, this scenario has received quite a bit of attention in literary circles; it\'s cognate to the "death" stage (preceding the "descent into the underworld", but not always clearly distinguished from it) in certain formulations of The Hero\'s Journey monomyth, and shows up elsewhere as well. At least one creative writing course views such bleak moments as essential to effective plotting.\nThis usually precedes a Day of Reckoning climax where only a few things can happen:\n The Big Damn Heroes moment, where either your characters will make a comeback or someone else arrives to help.\n There\'s a spot of hope that is then cruelly crushed, which leads to a Downer Ending or a Bittersweet Ending.\n The author is ultimately going for a happy ending, but is feeling cruel enough to add a Hope Spot anyway before the heroes emerge from the mire.\nCompare Belly of the Whale, the first of the dark hours. Near Villain Victory is a subtrope. The Cornered Rattle Snake is someone who begins to fight back despite appearing to have no chance of survival. Hope Springs Eternal is the natural conclusion of such a moment... unless, of course, the story features a Downer Ending.\nThe Trope Namer is a proverb that claims that "The darkest hour is just before the dawn," but its exact origins are uncertain. Most likely, English theologian and historian Thomas Fuller was the first one to say something like it in his 1650 religious travelogue A Pisgah-Sight Of Palestine And The Confines Thereof, where it is quoted, "It is always darkest just before the Day dawneth."\nIt should go without saying, but "Here there be spoilers!"\n\nExamples:\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0open/close all folders\xa0 \n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Anime and Manga\xa0\n Dragon Ball: Piccolo Daimaou had killed Goku\'s best friend Krillin, with him failing to avenge him, now his Old Master Muten Roshi is also dead along with Chiaotzu, Piccolo got his wish for eternal youth, and worst of all, he killed Shenron himself so that he is no longer challenged.\n Dragon Ball Z\n Just prior to the climax of the Namek saga: Frieza has survived everything Goku has thrown at him, including the 20x Kaio Ken and the Spirit Bomb, Vegeta, Dende and the Namekians are dead, and Piccolo is mortally wounded, and were he to die, the entire purpose of the journey to Namek would be moot. On top of that, Frieza decides to kill Krillin next...\n There\'s an episode devoted to this in the Cell Saga where Cell powers up a massive Kamehameha wave to destroy the Earth as a badly injured Gohan and the rest of Z warriors look on helplessly.\n Because of Gohan\'s own arrogance, his father sacrificed himself in vain; Trunks is lying in a pool of his own blood; Vegeta, the only other person even remotely capable of standing up to Cell has been incapacitated with a single blow; and, to top it all off, Gohan only has the use of one of his arms.\n In the Saiyan saga, almost all of the Z warriors have been killed fighting Vegeta and Nappa, Gohan and Krillin are the only ones still standing, and Goku still hasn\'t made it back to Earth yet.\n Occurs on a galactic scale in the Majin saga, when Kid Buu destroys the earth, then proceeds to zip from one planet to the next, destroying them as he goes. When Kid Buu arrives in the Other World, Goku and Vegeta try to fight him, but find themselves horribly outmatched.\n YuYu Hakusho:\n During the Chapter Black where the whole objective is to prevent a portal to the Demon Word from opening potentially letting in A and S Class Demons that can potentially wipe out the Earth. Also the Black and White Morality the heroes are so used to gets thrown out the window. Made even worse that even the protagonist of the series could not catch up.\n Sensui\'s power far exceeded Yusuke\'s, being an S class while Yusuke was a B+ at best. Knowing he had no chance of ever beating Sensui, Yusuke opted for a Heroic Sacrifice, letting Sensui kill him, thus boosting the the power levels of Kuwabara, Kurama, and Hiei up to A class. 3 A Class fighters against an S Class was still a very one sided Curb-Stomp Battle in favor of Sensui. It took two Deus ex Machina just to beat him.\n Sakura Wars: The Movie: Commander Yoneda is missing, Orihime Soletta has been ambushed and brainwashed by Patrick Hamilton, Maria is missing after attempting to investigate Douglas-Stewart, and the Imperial Flower Combat division has been placed on indefinite standby and isn\'t allowed back at the Imperial Theater.\n Mazinger Z: Its Darkest Hour happened in episode 92, but the Mazinger vs Great General of Darkness expanded upon it and turned it even more tragic: The army of Mykene Empire struck, easily razing several big cities (Londo, New York, Moscow...) to ruins. When they raided Tokyo, Kouji flew to fight them... and got the crap beaten out of him. When he returned to the Institute, he found out several Mykene Beasts had smashed the place, destroying Sayaka and Boss\'s Humongous Mecha. And Shiro, his little brother, had been hurt when a ceiling collapsed, and he urgently needed a blood transfusion. In spite of he was weak -and he was underage- Kouji DID demand they used his blood. Later, at the night, he was sitting in what was left of his bedroom, observing a picture of his father and his grandfather and crying Manly Tears as he muttered the Mykene Beasts would return, and he could not win, but he would fight even though he knew he was going to die (unbeknownst to him, sayaka was observing him, shedding tears as she heard him talking).\n Great Mazinger: In the anime it happened in the last episode: the Mykene bombarded the Fortress of Science, Kouji and Tetsuya were forced to fight separately, Tetsuya was defeated  and nearly got killed and Prof. Kenzo Kabuto died. And in the Gosaku Ota episodes it was worse.\n Nevertheless, in that same manga the Darkest Hour happened in one of the last arcs: Great Marshall of Hell blackmailed the Government into destroying the Fortress of Science, Great Mazinger and Venus A. The Fortress was blown up to bits and crumbled into the ocean, the heroes were forced to flee and hiding, and while they were seeking a shelter and lying low, the Mykene army conquered Japan.\n UFO Robo Grendizer: In the finale of the first season, The Hero was defeated and forced into hiding with his Humongous Mecha, his lancer was shot down, his Love Interest was dying, the base was taken by one of the Co-Dragons of Big Bad, and the Professor was tortured.\n Most of the Rossiu arc of Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann, where the heroes are discredited, stripped of power, and seemingly impotent in the face of the apocalypse. The Darkest Hour for the first two arcs is Simon\'s Heroic BSOD.  Due to Kamina\'s death.\n In Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS, the episode "That Day, Riot Force Six". It ends with most of their forces injured, both the Ground Forces HQ and Riot Force Six HQ destroyed, and Ginga and Vivio captured.\n By the last episode of Scrapped Princess, Pacifica has sustained a mortal wound, Prince Forsythe has given himself a mortal wound, Shannon and Zefiris have been dragged off by the surviving Peacemakers, and for good measure, the Royal Forces start blasting the place. It ends well.\n Macross Frontier\'s Darkest Hour begins around episode 20, with the president being assassinated, a Vajra infestation on the main ship causing wholesale civilian slaughter, the death of Michel as he defended his love, and the departure of Ranka Lee. Things go From Bad to Worse ... but eventually end well.\n The Darkest Hour in Digimon Tamers is when the children realize they can\'t beat the D-Reaper even with All Your Powers Combined, Juri is in a suicidal, catatonic state, they learn that the D-Reaper obliterated the Digital World, making it a Barren Wasteland, and they realize it\'s plan to cause a Class 6 Apocalypse.\n In Code Geass, the Darkest Hour comes in R2 episode 19. Suzaku uses a nuke-equivalent in Tokyo because Lelouch\'s geass command from season 1 compelled him to. This leads to terrific and terrifying destruction, much civilian death, and Nunally\'s demise. Lelouch, Suzuka and Nina all go into shock, thinking My God, What Have I Done? while a new weapon that fires these on command is in development. This leads to The Zero Requiem. And then Schneizel takes advantage of the whole situation to reveal Lelouch\'s identity to the Black Knights, and manipulates them all into turning against him.\n This takes place in Chrono Crusade after a disastrous battle with Aion leaves the True Companions broken.\n In the manga, Rosette is nearly killed when Chrono goes into an Unstoppable Rage. Chrono realizes what he\'s doing in time to save her life, but Aion uses it as his chance to incapacitate him. Azmaria is then kidnapped, Aion leaves the rest badly injured, and Chrono is so distraught that he forces himself into an Angst Coma so he won\'t take any more of Rosette\'s lifespan. It ends once Rosette and Chrono decide to follow Aion to his base of operations.\n In the anime, Rosette is kidnapped by Aion and brainwashed to take part in his plans. Chrono manages to free Joshua from the horns, but they\'ve damaged his mind so much he barely remembers anyone, and in the process Chrono is frozen in time. Thing spiral out of control from there, and don\'t get better until Chrono\'s final fight with Aion, and the rest of the series is grim up until the ending.\n In Princess Tutu, the Darkest Hour is when the Raven turns the townspeople into crows and captures Mytho when Princess Tutu can\'t remove her pendant from her neck (which is Mytho\'s last heart shard). Ahiru becomes so depressed that she believes the only way she can help everyone is by killing herself. Fakir stops her by convincing her that he will always be with her and they can save Mytho together. The Darkest Hour comes to an end when Ahiru finds the courage to give Mytho the pendant and return to being a duck.\n Naruto:\n During the Pain Invasion. The village has been leveled, with several important characters and hundreds of nameless villagers killed. Naruto\'s new sage power has failed and he is pinned to the ground helpless. Worse still, he can find no response to Pain\'s nihilistic Breaking Speech. Then Hinata tries to come to his aid, makes an Anguished Declaration of Love and attacks Pain, only to get stabbed. Naruto\'s shock and anger overcome his protective seals and the power of the Nine-Tailed Fox bursts free like it has never done before. As a berserk Naruto is fighting Pain, the scene switches to Yamato (the only person who can rein in the Nine-Tailed Fox when Naruto loses control), who\'s miles away. He looks down to his tattoo that shows how many tails Naruto has unleashed (if all of them are released, the Nine-Tailed Fox can break free completely), and sees the number changing from 8 to 9...\n The battle against Madara Uchiha manages to top this. Madara effortlessly absorbs all nine tailed beasts at once, killing Bee and knocking out Naruto, and then he stabs Sasuke in the heart. Naruto\'s condition rapidly deteriorates into cardiac arrest and is utterly unresponsive to any of Sakura\'s medical jutsu, forcing her to resort to CPR. The alliance has already been devastated by several attacks from the Ten Tails and the Zetsus. Sasuke is bleeding out with no one able to help him, and he may already be dead.\n Then it got worse. Minato tries to transplant his half of Kurama into Naruto, but Black Zetsu interferes and Madara shows up. Sakura is still performing CPR, but who knows how much longer she can hold out. Gai wants to help, but he can barely stand. An unknown figure is approaching Sasuke.\n Then it gets even worse.  Madara became Ten Tails\' jinchuriki and finally activated Infinite Tsukiyomi; after this, the Sage of Six Path\'s mother is revived and has Black Zetsu take out Madara, becoming the true final villain.\n There\'s one at the end of each Slayers season.\n Ouran High School Host Club: The result of a plan orchestrated by the main villain, Tamaki\'s Evil Matriarch grandmother, in an attempt to separate him and Haruhi: disolve the host club and force Tamaki away to France.\n In Cardcaptor Sakura, the main one comes when Sakura believes she\'s lost to Yue; she has a lucid dream in which the catastrophe takes place, and friendships no longer exist for the people Sakura was close to.\n In Pluto, when all of the seven great robots of the world have been destroyed. Except for Atom, who may be insane at that point.\n 20th Century Boys\'s darkest hour is at the end of the second arc, which sees an even crueller person donning the Friend mask, killing several million people, and molding the world in his own image, making all the protagonists work up till then all for nothing.]] After that, things start to eventually look up, starting with the return of the supposedly dead hero from the first third of the story.\n Fullmetal Alchemist:\n Father\'s just activated his transmutation circle and absorbed the entirety of Amestris. Then he absorbed the Truth.\n The Elric brothers\' first meeting with Father and the aftermath. They\'ve found out the horrible secret of their country and they\'re led to believe there\'s nothing they can do to stop it. One of the chapters in this arc is even called "Inside the Belly."\n Sailor Moon:\n The climax of Sailor Moon Stars. Sailor Moon and the Starlights are the only Sailor Soldiers left. This is on top of the dark shadow of Tuxedo Mask\'s disappearance that\'s been hanging around for half the season. The Hope Spot is a dream as well, and really not that close to the end.\n The manga has one that\'s worse:  Galaxia destroys all the Sailor Crystals, leaving herself, Sailor Moon, and Sailor Chibi Chibi the only ones left.\n Negima!\'s Darkest Hour is everything that happens after the Governor\'s ball, most of it to Negi. The Governor tries to kill him after Negi uncovers his real objective, all while his Superpowered Evil Side is threatening to consume him. His mentor is killed erased in front of him. The secret organisation headed by his nemesis is activating the plan to destroy the Magical World, which erased a lot of his students\' new friends in the crossfire as they watched. Oh yeah, Mahora Academy might not survive either. His childhood friend Anya and Asuna are being held hostage, and he\'s just found out that the Asuna he\'s been with for all this time is a sleeper agent that he has to unmask. On top of this, he has to beat the evil side into submission, otherwise he\'ll turn into a feral, homicidal demon the next time he uses Magia Erebea. He feels personally responsible for most of these... and he\'s just ten. Most overwhelmed little boy since Ender Wiggin.\n As if that wasn\'t enough, the final showdown between Ala Alba and Kosmo Entelechia has gone wrong. Horribly, horribly wrong. Negi is incapacitated (bad), so the rest of the team pull off a daring rescue (good). Half the attacking group is turned to stone in the clusterfuck (bad), but at least they\'ve stopped the world-ending ritual and stolen the artifact, rescued the princess and saved the world, right? Uh, no.\n One for every JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure part:\n Part 1 - The seemingly dead Dio attacks Johnathan on his honeymoon.\n Part 2 - Cars achieves his goal of becoming an ultimate being and is now immune to Hamon, and Joseph\'s out of ideas.\n Part 3 - Kakyoin, Iggy, Avdol, and Joseph are dead and just Jotaro remains to take on Dio and his almost invincible time stopping power.\n Part 4 - Kira has gained a new Stand ability that allows him to easily pick off the only people who can stop him, and the only person who knows Kira\'s real identity has no way of telling them directly.\n Part 5 - Polnareff\'s Requiem Stand has gone berserk, and thanks to some body-switching, Big Bad Diavolo is in Buccarati\'s body, Narancia is dead, and the Requiem Arrow is almost in Diavolo\'s hands.\n Part 6 - Pucci upgrades his Stand to one that can reset the universe, and he plans to make a world where the Joestars never existed. The only one stopping him is a kid with no offensive abilities whatsoever.\n Part 7 - Valentine has all the corpse parts and merges them with Lucy, giving him complete immunity to Johnny\'s attacks, Gyro\'s strongest attack doesn\'t work and gets him killed, and then Diego shows up...\n Wolf\'s Rain: The last couple episodes are a never-ending barrage of this. As in, all the main characters die. And not just die, but die horribly. One by one. Finally, it\'s just Kiba left standing against the Big Bad. He wins, but he\'s dying. But wait! Cheza exploding into a pile of seeds! Yes, there is hope and joy at- wait, never mind. The universe really does die. All the characters you had some attachment to did face horrible, gruesome deaths. And the last thing you see is Kiba dying. Except not. Only not really. See a whole other existence is apparently made because of this. An existence where only four of the main characters are shown being in, or at least convincing doppelgangers of them. You never really get to find out if the ResetButton was real, or just Kiba\'s dying dream. If it is real, it\'s never hinted at in any way that any of the characters shown alive still know each other at all, or where the rest of the gang is. If the rest of the gang is there to begin with. One possible explanation is that it really is a reset, but only the wolves are reincarnated in it (Darcia did say that it was "a paradise only for wolves").\n Out of 50 episodes in Eureka Seven, episode 44 arguably takes the spot for this trope. The entire episode is a depression.\n The last part of the manga Hellsing develops with the city of London destroyed by vampires and crusaders, with Alucard far away in a ship, and the Hellsing manor almost destroyed and under the attack of vampires. The situation doesn\'t get better until Alucard arrives (which actually makes things worse).\n It gets much, much worse.  The Vatican authorizes purging of London. Anderson becomes a thorn-monster-thing. Walter pulls a Face\x96Heel Turn. Alucard DIES and does not come back before the end of the war.\n Episode 12 of Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt. Stocking\'s ascended to Heaven, Panty\'s lost her powers, and the Big Bad abducted Brief to unlock the Ghost sealed away. Then it gets...weird.\n The Water Seven and Sabaody arcs in One Piece, both storylines in which the Straw Hat Pirates have come close to annihilation.\n Those are tame compared with The Marineford arc. The marines succeed in executing Ace, Blackbeard kills Whitebeard and steals his powers, Luffy has sustained a massive amount of damage and sacrificed part of his lifespan in vain, and several villains from previous arcs have now been freed from prison (by Luffy himself, no less), and as the cherry on top, Luffy lost his brother despite all the sacrifices he made.\n The end of Hong Gildong arc in Shin Angyo Onshi. The main character  willingly traps himself in a Lotus-Eater Machine which he considered a Fate Worse Than Death betting on One In A Million Chance of breaking free versus certain death otherwise. His main companion  is deceived into working for the Big Bad. Anti-Villain antagonists of the arc  are mostly dead. The main character\'s former old friend  remains undead in the thrall to the Big Bad, and is revealed to be unable to die or to break free unless his body is completely obliterated. The city that the protagonists protected in the arc  is taken over by the Big Bad. The Big Bad decides to stop fooling around and get to the businness of taking over the world, revealing his vast true power and his array of superhuman henchmen. Few good guys still standing are being manipulated by him.\n It gets So.Much.Worse in the final battle. After a gruesome battle where Munsu loses his right arm just to redeem Sando, Aji Tae appears, and decides to make a little show of power... obliterating his stronghold and most of the battlefield in one go, killing most of the characters in there, including his henchmen. Then, almost dead from blood loss and the cost of using the mandrake getting to him, Munsu still doesn\'t have any other idea against Aji Tae rather than claiming that he is Aji Tae\'s origin (And thus, his death could affect Aji Tae). Aji Tae thus decides to make a point blowing up Munsu\'s eye and other arm, and showing he considered that option, and that\'s why he used another Eldritch Abomination as insurance to avoid the worst case scenario. Desperation Attack only mean getting instakilled, and it looks like Munsu just succumbed...\n And then Munsu decides to have the very best death ever and show the bastard who\'s boss.\n By episode 11 of Puella Magi Madoka Magica, Homura is the only magical girl left alive and is fighting a losing battle against Walpurgisnacht even after unloading a small army\'s worth of firepower on it. After repeating the same six weeks who knows how many times, she finally gives up hope... cue Wishplosion courtesy of her beloved Madoka.\n The End Of Evangelion carries this trope to its logical extreme. It\'s pretty dark.\n SD Gundam Force: Most of Neotopia\'s population is turned to stone, Commander Sazabi has stolen Captain\'s soul drive, and is preparing to rule over the world with it.\n Kyo Kara Maoh! near the end of season two; the Sealed Evil in a Can turns out to be the demon kingdom\'s Crystal Dragon Jesus and possesses the protagonist, The Smart Guy performed a Face\x96Heel Turn prior to that and has been planning it for centuries, and the practically invincible army is not only invading the rest of the world but also starting to come over to Earth.\n Bleach:\n Ichigo\'s lowest personal moment occurs during the Lost Agent arc. Thanks to More Than Mind Control, Ichigo\'s friends and family have united with the Big Bad against him or are critically injured. The guy he thought was a friend turns out to be a villain instead and the powers he worked so hard to regain are stolen from him. He\'s abandoned on his knees, a sword through his chest, crying in the rain. He gets better.\n Soul Society suffers a crushing defeat at the beginning of the Thousand-Year Blood War Arc. The city is laid waste by the Vandenreich and Urahara, Sado and Orihime are defeated at a second front in Hueco Mundo. Within fifteen minutes, fully half the Gotei 13 is dead or critically injured, five bankais have been stolen and Ichigo himself is imprisoned between worlds, forced to listen helplessly to the screams of the dying. Significant characters that are brutually defeated include Byakuya, Kenpachi, Renji, Rukia and Kira. Yamamoto and Choujirou die.\n Yhwach and his Praetorian Guard defeat Squad Zero, considered the ultimate shinigami force, with ease. Afterwards, he manipulates Ichigo(through his Quincy blood) into finishing the Soul King off, which starts the collapse of the three worlds. Ukitake releases the minor god who kept him alive since he was a child in an attempt to slowdown the crisis, but it proves to be a vain sacrifice when Yhwach absorbs said god. A good measure of how bad the situation is, is the fact that  Kyouraku has to release Aizen from his prison, seeking aid, and that the lower SternRitter join forces with the shinigami against Yhwach.\n InuYasha:\n Sango and Miroku waiting for the Wind Tunnel to absorb them while their despair consumes the light within the Shikon no Tama leaving it in darkness.\n When Sesshoumaru finally learns the truth about Tenseiga\'s origins and Meidou Zangetsuha\'s purpose, he concludes his father has groomed Inuyasha to kill him. He\'s so shaken that he abandons his group, Inuyasha\'s group having to save them from Naraku. Nothing - not even Kagura\'s death or Rin\'s second death - has ever made him despair the way thinking his father hated him did.\n Inuyasha is tricked into thinking he murdered Kagome in his blood rage. This breaks him down so completely that he gives into his despair and demon blood.\n High School D\xd7D\'s Darkest Hour occurs in the 11th volume when Opfus had 75% of her powers drained from her. Then they\'re trapped in an alternate dimension surrounded by grim reapers. They were able to destroy the statues and were already about to get out of that place when Opfus gets kidnapped by a newly-rebuilt Shalba Beelzebub, and Ise has to rescue her.  The volume ends with Ise getting hit with a dragon-eater Samael blood coated on an arrow, leaving him to die in that place. That\'s not all however; Hades starts a war on the Underworld, Azazel\'s been accused of cooperating with terrorists even though he\'s the one who wanted peace in the first place, and every single member of the Occult Research Club suffering a Heroic BSOD.\n Mobile Suit Gundam SEED, the Darkest Hour is when the nuclear armed Blue Cosmos is ready to nuke the PLANTs with over a hundred nukes, and ZAFT is ready to use their Wave Motion Gun on Blue Cosmos and Earth, and the Three Ship Alliance in between trying to prevent both sides from wiping out each other.\n While Popotan isn\'t exactly a dark series to begin with, it does reach a very bleak point in episode 11. The main characters have been told that they can either continue time travelling with all the impediments that would put on their social lives, or live away from each other in three separate time periods; after Mai leaves, Ai and Mii find going on to be pointless and eventually abandon their journey too. The next episode reveals that none of them are very happy about the situation.\n Mobile Suit Gundam Wing happens three times, the pilot\'s homes are targeted for retaliation, then the colonies decide to join their oppressors, and finally Quatre goes on a colony destroying spree nearly killing his best friend.\n Damn, Kirby of his own self-titled anime must be getting unlucky a lot since he gets so many of these. For example:\n Power Stomach/Belly Buster in the episode "A Half-Baked Battle" has just caught Kirby, Dedede, and Escargo(o)n in its grasp and swallowed all three and is proceeding to digest their limo, with all three being next. Cue Dedede whipping out a bomb for Kirby to suck up and blow the monster up from within with.\n Kirby getting pulverized by Masher in the second Knuckle Joe episode, "Monster Management," to the point of not being able to even stand anymore. It goes From Bad to Worse when Knuckle Joe joins in the fight and tag-teams his attacks with Masher until they have him cornered. Tiff, with tears swelling up in her eyes, pleads for Joe to stop but he keeps going. Finally, deciding to finish off the pink spud, Joe uses Smash Punch and... tells Kirby to suck it up?! Which he does, and becomes Fighter Kirby, and then they start mashing Masher?! Wow.\n In the first New Year\'s episode, "Cappy New Year," after Fire Kirby barely succeeds in destroying Sasuke\'s Dedede float, he gets knocked out, losing his Fire ability in the process, which is just great as Sasuke uses a large firecracker to pin Kirby on top of it in a last-ditch effort to get rid of him. When Kirby starts moving along the firecracker\'s surface, Dedede launches several more firecrackers at them. Kirby sucks up Sasuke right before the firecracker explodes and seemingly takes him out with it... thank goodness it\'s revealed that he got off just in time and became Parasol Kirby to float down to everyone and celebrate the new year.\n The Mumbies Kirby fought against in its own episode, "Mumbies Madness," gives him another one. After dodging several bombs from Bomb Kirby and being taken by surprise by more of them and barely dodging them, the Mumbies clamps onto Kirby with its teeth and is gnawing away on him, and all hope seems lost for the little spud... cue the sun rising and Kirby keeping it on him long enough for the sun to burn it to a crisp.\n In episode "Dedede\'s Raw Deal," Kirby\'s getting pummeled and fried by the electricity-firing Squishy, and to make matters worse, he can\'t fight back because the sweet potato he ate before Squishy started attacking him is giving him hiccups which prevent him from sucking up attacks. Luckily, Tiff comes up with a way to scare him out of them just in time by telling him that he won\'t be able to eat again if he keeps up his constant hiccups.\n In "Frog Wild," Dedede allows the Demon Frog that possessed Kirby to possess and buff him with the immense strength that he uses to beat Kirby to a pulp to the point of rendering him unable to even stand anymore, and then he\'s about to bring down his hammer... then Heavy Anaconda shows up, eats the Demon Frog, and then eats Dedede (he gets better later).\n Part One of the two-part "Air-Ride-in-Style." Kirby and the Warp Star are getting bombarded by plasma bolts from a Destrayer that was sent to nuke King Dedede\'s castle. When Kirby gets distracted trying to save Tiff as the two get bombed by plasma bolts, one of them chips off a piece of the Warp Star sending them falling to their deaths. And just when the Warp Star barely saves them and takes them to Kabu, it gets worse as four Air Riders go after Kirby while the Warp Star is still regaining some of its strength... (which turned out to be All Just a Dream.)\n In the second-to-last part of the five-part series finale, "Combat Kirby," Heavy Lobster is rampaging around the Halberd, and is so far proving to be unstoppable. Not even Cook Kirby can stand up to the metal menace and when it reaches the engine room, it looks like nothing can stop it from destroying the main engine and bringing down the Halberd itself... until Kawasaki gives Kirby some ice cubes to eat so he can turn into Ice Kirby and freeze it enough for it to be blown to smithereens by Sword Knight\'s bazooka.\n In the Grand Finale, "Fright to the Finish," Fire Kirby has used up all of his energy and reverted back to normal after tiring himself out trying to attack Nightmare physically. Nightmare then decides to enter his sleep and give him a nightmare by torturing him before moving on to crush him, and when he starts messing with Kirby\'s food, Tiff tries calling for the Warp Star, but it\'s nowhere to be found in Kirby\'s dream. Just when all hope seems lost for the pink puff, cue Tiff pulling out the star and giving it to him to eat up to become Star Rod Kirby, Nightmare\'s one Weaksauce Weakness.\n In Berserk the Band of the Hawk\'s darkest hour comes after the completion of their Griffith rescue operation, which was the first victory for the Hawks since their downfall upon  Griffith\'s imprisonment, but a Pyrrhic Victory at that, since Griffith  now disfigured and crippled beyond repair after a year of torture can never wield a sword again and the Hawks can never return to their status without his leadership. Most of the Hawks are confused and emotionally distraught, especially Guts, Casca, and most of all Griffith himself. He goes through a Despair Event Horizon as a result, but during it, he finds a glimmer of hope for himself; unfortunately, it\'s a VERY BAD ONE for everyone else involved. It\'s made that much worse for watchers of the anime, where all of the above happens... and then the series ends.\n In HeartCatch Pretty Cure!, the girls end up confronting Big Bad Dune for the first time... and he easily hands them all their asses, kidnaps Tsubomi\'s grandmother, regains his full power, then proceeds to turn the Earth into a desert and it seems that, for a little while, those four are the only people alive...\n In Shakugan no Shana, the final series has a freaking god invade the mortal realm. This from a series where The World Is Always Doomed, it happens in the anime a full ten episodes before the show ends.\n Kill la Kill: By the end of episode 13,  Satsuki sets off to raid the last few schools not under her control, and Mako is forced to take part in it. The Elite Four return and are on the verge of getting even stronger. Nui completely defeats Ryuko, destroying Senketsu, and its shredded pieces are scattered across Satsuki\'s forces and used for combat data. All of this presumably makes Ryuko\'s depression go from bad to worse.\n And then things get even worse during the course of episodes 18-20. Satsuki is defeated by her monster of a mother Ragyo, who steals Junketsu for herself. Ryuko fares little better, getting her heart ripped out by Ragyo and revealing that she is a Life Fiber hybrid. Ragyo\'s COVERS have taken over Japan, imprisoning many people, including Mako and her family. Satsuki is rescued by the Elite Four and Ryuko ultimately awakens, but doesn\'t want anything to do with Senketsu anymore because she is still bugged out over being a Life Fiber hybrid. Then Ragyo and Nui lure Ryuko to Honnouji Academy, where they capture her and force her to wear Junketsu, turning her Brainwashed and Crazy \u2014 and worse, they\'ve stitched the thing to her Life Fibers, meaning that if it\'s forcibly removed, it will kill her.\n Umi Monogatari has the end of episode 11. Marin and Urin try to fight Sedna, but have their powers drained from them. The episode closes with them sprawled on the ocean floor, near death, as Sedna\'s darkness flows into their bodies.\n Attack on Titan: Many times, the first one seven episodes in, with the 104th Trainees trapped in Trost with Titans all around them,  Eren seemingly killed, and everybody ready to give up (some to the point of suicide) except Mikasa, who gets waylaid by a Titan without any gas to power her vertical maneuvering gear. Even then, she was contemplating on just giving up.\n In Fairy Tail, Gray Fullbuster dies a gruesome death, a crying Jet holds a lifeless Droy in his arms, Bacchus is stabbed by the enemy and Macao Conbolt is seen being pilled up by dragons before the tearful eyes of his son. Then Ultear sacrifices her life to rewind time but it only turns back ONE MINUTE! We then find out that minute saved the lives of the aforementioned people together with countless others, however, bear in mind the battle with dragons is only in the beginning and humanity still haven\'t defeated a single one of them so this trope still counts.]]\n Partway through School-Live! a series of horrible events causes the girls to have to evacuate their school. Kurumi is bit by a zombie and it seems like she is a goner until Miki finds an experimental antidote and it works. Not too soon afterwards Kurumi and Miki become surrounded by zombies however make it out fine. Moments later a rescue helicopter crashes when the pilot becomes a zombie and this sets the school on fire and it becoming uninhabitable.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Collectible Card Game\xa0\n Magic: The Gathering graces us with Darkest Hour.\n As far as the storyline is concerned, this point is reached when Yawgmoth personally manifests himself on Dominaria.\n New Phyrexia. If you haven\'t gleaned how that\'s a Darkest Hour from the title, the Phyrexians have invaded another plane. This time, they\'ve won. From what\'s been spoiled so far, it seems as if they\'ve been able to infect mana itself. The multiverse is screwed.\n The current page image takes place on the plane of Innistrad. The only thing keeping the humans of Innistrad from becoming lunch for the resident zombies, werewolves, vampires, ghosts and demons is faith in the archangel Avacyn. Avacyn has gone MIA and the wards and holy weapons are starting to fail, leaving them all but defenseless.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Comics\xa0\n Among other incidents, unprecedented amounts of crap hit the fan at the end of chapter 100 of Ultimate Spider-Man - right in the middle of the Ultimate Clone Saga. To whit: Peter has already found at least one violently insane clone of himself and has tangled with a mysterious Spider Woman; Mary Jane has been kidnapped by another warped and insane clone of Peter who intends to transform her to make her "just like him" (and as of the last page of the chapter has apparently succeeded); Nick Fury has shown up outside Peter\'s house to arrest him with an army of "Spider Slayers"; Gwen Stacy has mysteriously returned from the dead, but panics and transforms into Carnage (the monster that killed her in the first place) when Fury shows up; Peter was forced to tell Aunt May his secret when she discovered him with Gwen, driving her lash out at him for lying to her all along and telling him she doesn\'t want to have anything more to do with him, before the repeated shocks (Gwen transforming into Carnage being the straw that broke the camel\'s back) cause her to have a heart attack; and Peter\'s supposedly long-dead father Richard Parker has apparently shown up, with Peter shocked to realize that May had known about him for a while and had kept Richard\'s return a secret. That\'s a LOT of crap to be going down at once and it still has to get worse before it gets any better.\n Final Crisis for entire DCU.\n Special mention to Final Crisis #5. "I. AM. THE. NEW. GOD."\n Blackest Night followed immediately. And Infinite Crisis happened just a couple years ago too. It\'s been a pretty rough few years for the DCU.\n Dark Reign for the Marvel Universe.\n Jesse falling out of an airplane and being left for dead in Preacher.\n The nuke exploding, severely weakening Superman, and Gotham rioting in Batman: The Dark Knight Returns.\n Captain Marvel destroying the Gulag and freeing the prisoners in Kingdom Come.\n The heroes pondering how to handle a Beyonder-powered Doctor Doom in Secret Wars.\n Nite-Owl and Rorschach discovering Ozymandias\' scheme as the world stands on the brink of war in Watchmen.\n Ragnarok happening in The Mighty Thor, led by Loki with Thor\'s hammer being destroyed.\n ElfQuest:\n In the "Kings of the Broken Wheel" arc, Cutter watches helplessly as Rayek abducts Leetah, Skywise, Suntop and Ember 10,000 years into the future.\n When Leetah and the rest arrive in the future and Ekuar tells them how long it\'s been, there\'s every reason to believe the Wolfriders of their time are dead. Then Leetah is captured by humans.\n The Sonic the Hedgehog comics have had a few points over the years that qualify:\n The climax of the Endgame arc \u2014 Princess Sally is seemingly dead, Sonic\'s been framed for it and is a fugitive, and Robotnik is posed to destroy Knothole Village and the Freedom Fighters for good.\n The destruction of Knothole in issue 175, which includes the first time Eggman\'s ever managed to outright defeat Sonic in a fight.\n About midway through the Iron Dominion Saga, the Iron Queen hacks NICOLE, allowing the Dominion forces to seize control of New Mobotropolis and send the Freedom Fighters running.\n The series seems to be heading into a new one, in the aftermath of the Genesis arc \u2014 not only has Eggman succeeded in roboticizing Sally and nearly killing Antoine, but rival villain Ixis Naugus has successfully manipulated the fear of the citizens of New Mobotropolis following the Iron Dominion occupation and subsequent events, allowing him to install himself as King.\n The second issue of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (IDW) ends with the Mane Six parting ways and continuing their journey separately.\n Issue #15 ends with all the ponies being consumed by a white void. #16 opens with the ponies questioning whether they\'ve died.\n Halfway through Knightfall Bane heads for Gotham City with the broken Batman and launches him into the ground below, crowds of people in total shock (except for one sleezehead who just sneers at him).\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Fan Works\xa0\n In the roleplay game In The Beginning There Was Man, all of Mankind faces its Darkest Hour as the Legions of Chaos Undivided sets out to destroy the God Emperor of Mankind and enslave all of Humanity for the Dark Gods of Chaos. Throughout the Galaxy the Imperium is buckling under the pressure of 14000 years of War as Orks, Necrons, Tyranids and Chaos destroy four of the five Secmentums in their unending appetite for destruction. All that\'s left is Terra and the God Emperor.\n In With Strings Attached, the four return triumphantly with the third piece of the Vasyn, only to find the first two pieces missing and almost everything taken from the house. Tracking down their stuff, they end up in the ruined city of Ehndris, where they learn that Brox found a spell to restore monsters to Baravada\x97something they did not want to have happen.  They\'re betrayed by their best Baravadan friend; John and Paul are kidnapped and put under the control of the baddies, while George and Ringo are neutralized and can do nothing to help. The Fans are nowhere to be found. And the topper is that Ringo is startled into teleporting hundreds of miles away, leaving George alone, surrounded by bloodthirsty revolutionaries, and utterly powerless.\n Calvin and Hobbes: The Series\' Season 3 finale "Thunderstorm" was already a Wham Episode in itself by introducing a competent villain, but the end of Part 5 takes the cake. The Earth is conquered by Thunderstorm, those Calvin knows are all captured, his clever Batman Gambit failed, and the MTM is dead.\n Clash of the Elements: The end of Chapter 49 of Part 1.  All the heroes are down for the count, Rosalina has fallen after proving unable to deal with Joe Dark after he went into his Griffon Form, the Genesis Samurais are all dead, the Dark King managed to set up a widespread wave of destruction across the planet during his brief moment of possession, Alex Whiter has had his subconsciousness destroyed, and Joe Dark is just about ready to destroy the Origin Temple, unaware that his attack will actually annihilate the rest of the planet too...\n In Equestria: A History Revealed, in the Battle of Canterlot,  upon realizing that their initial retaking of the city was simply a Defensive Feint Trap by the enemy, and that they had returned in numbers three times their own, and are currently charging as the exhausted Equestrian army it seems as though all hope is lost. Princess Celestia makes a Rousing Speech and then they all fight valiantly in their apparent Last Stand.  Luckily, they are able to overcome the enemy by some miracle, while most historians agree that this battle was a Near Villain Victory.\n Silent Sorrow, the final story in the Tamers Forever series. As it opens, Takato is already dying thanks to his Superpowered Evil Side overloading his body. Then, Shinjuku is invaded by a Digimon army led by Daemon, who is after the power of said evil side and is so insanely powerful that the only way anyone can even think to foil him is to let Takato escape to the digital world \u2014 so he can die before Daemon gets him.\n Each story in the My Hostage Not Yours series has one:\n My Hostage, Not Yours:  Gaz is captured by the Valkians, who intend to use the LEECHY to conquer the Irkens.\n The Revenge of Player 2:  Iggins manages to brainwash Gaz into being his slave, and intends to use her to kill Zim and Dib.\n The Inevitable Takeover:  Zim and Gaz take control of the Earth; interesting variation, in that it\'s actually a high point for them, and a Darkest Hour for the other protagonists.\n The Powers Of Harmony: The story\'s Darkest Hour starts in Chapter 21, continues in Chapter 22, and is firmly cemented in Chapter 23. Cetus manages to seal Celestia in the sun and steal her body, while allowing Eclipse to  possess Rarity. Between the two of them, they then curbstomp the rest of the Mane Six and their allies, even managing to  kill Grovi, Strauss, and Elo in the process. In order to keep the heroes alive long enough to become strong enough to defeat them, Luna is forced to scatter them around the world.\n In Fractured, a Mass Effect/Star Wars/Borderlands crossover and its sequel Origins, this trope appears several times.\n In Fractured, the Citadel Council falls into fascism in attempts to fight the Reapers. Lilith\'s Heroic Sacrifice destroys the Reapers and also kills anyone who became what the Council sought to fight, bringing the darkness to an end.\n In Origins, the entire Council galaxy falls rapidly against the Flood. Every plan to thwart the Alien Invasion fails. However, it does bring allies from unexpected places.\n My Little Avengers: Chapter 14 and roughly the first third of chapter 15 \u2014 Loki\'s Dark Avengers have managed to defeat the Avengers, and a threat on Pinkie Pie\'s life gets Big Macintosh to surrender Mjolnir and Thor\'s power to Loki, who proceeds to pervert the Power of Friendship to strip the other Avengers of their powers as well. The Dark Avengers then assault the royal palace, banishing Luna to the moon and taking a depowered Celestia prisoner, with Loki proclaiming himself the new ruler of Equestria. Fortunately, Big Mac gets a Rousing Speech from a ponified Stan Lee, and he proceeds to do the same to his teammates, using the real Power of Friendship to restore their powers. They then take the fight to Loki, setting the stage for the Final Battle.\n The 15th chapter of a different Crossover fanfic, Ace Combat: The Equestrian War certainly fits. The griffins manage to seize Canterlot and the castle becomes the only save area. Many ponies were injured during their raid, some died. Tornado Swirl and Overdrive lost every one of their wingmates, the Stingray squadron was wiped out completely, Blueberry died a Cruel and Unusual Death and Carrot Top dies in Derpy\'s arms, much to her despair. The situation is so crushing that even Cloud Kicker bursts into tears!\n Inner Demons: The prophecy refers to the Queen of Darkness\' reign as "Equestria\'s darkest hour". That said, there are two moments that possibly qualify:\n Relatively early on, when Twilight succumbs to the Darkness, crosses the Moral Event Horizon, and declares herself ruler of Equestria, before beginning a campaign to crush the rest of the Mane Six and any of their potential allies. It takes a long time for things to start to get better after this.\n Closer to the end of the story, the setup for the Final Battle \u2014 Queen!Twilight has a Villainous Breakdown as a result of  Trixie\'s death, ascends to alicorn-hood, and declares her intention to  unleash the hordes of Tartarus and destroy Equestria.\n The Darkest Hour of the Chaos Verse comes during the latter end of Discord: Complete Existence, as the Big Bad  Nightmare Phobia transforms into an Eldritch Abomination  by absorbing the Shadows of Oblivion, overpowers Discord and the Princesses, and begins emerging into the real world, causing every living thing to feel extreme, crippling pain.\n In Turnabout Storm there are two major dark hours:\n In Part 2, without enough time to prepare prior and while both mentally and physically exhausted, Phoenix struggles to keep standing against Trixie\'s firepower. This gets especially worse when in order to prevent the Judge from handing down an early guilty verdict on Rainbow Dash,  he is forced to accuse Fluttershy of all ponies as a potential suspect, just to buy him more time. Not only is Phoenix visibly killing himself inside, he also alienates Twilight, risks losing his place as Rainbow\'s defense attorney, and Trixie continues to taunt him as she\'s winning all the same.\n Part 4 takes it one step further. When Phoenix and Twilight believed they had proven Rainbow Dash\'s innocence, Trixie questions the likelyhood of the scenario. With every other piece of evidence being shot down with little to no effort on Trixie\'s part, and the blackmailing issue being both indecisive and too dangerous, things have never looked bleaker. And then who should save the day, but Fluttershy!\n Queen of All Oni seems to have hit the Darkest Hour as of Chapter 14. Not only has Jade gone completely off the deep end and cut what few ties she had left to her humanity, but she\'s also  forcibly transformed and brainwashed Viper into her new General, gaining control of the Samurai Khan and regaining control of the Ninja Khan at the same time. Uncle and Tohru, sensing all this, admit that the balance has shifted in evil\'s favor.\n Mega Man: Defender of the Human Race has has a few of these.\n Episode 11, chapter 8, is one, as is most of Episode 11, chapter 9.\n Episode 11, chapter 12, is this as Mega Man is critically injured. The entire chapter is everyone reacting to it and trying to help.\n Fairy Without Wings delivers a particularly chilling one during its survival horroresque arc Unistrad. At the end of chapter 42, we have a lycan Kallen, an evil Mirajane, suspicious vampires, eternal night, cursed artifacts, and worst of all...a hairy  Lucy.\n The quote at the end of that chapter said it all\n The dreams are gone. Midnight has come. Darkness is our new kingdom.\n The trope comes into effect yet again for the 100th chapter.  Margaret corrupts the Tenrou Tree\x97she makes it work for Grimoire Heart as opposed to Fairy Tail\x97and Erza is the only one within spitting distance of stopping her and is the only one with the power to do so that isn\'t preoccupied or unconscious.\n Episode 75 of Sonic X: Dark Chaos is even titled "Resurrection of Darkness". The final battle between the Angels and Demons begins, with both Maledict and Jesus Christ battling each other. The entire Milky Way Galaxy is in ruins, Sonic\'s allies have been wiped out, the Blue Typhoon has been wrecked, and the Galaxy Crusher is about to wipe out the remnants of Milky Way in an instant. And just to top it all off, Dark Tails appears and uses the Chaos Emeralds to become a god - putting the fate of the entire universe on the line.\n The Darkest hour is met in Besides The Will Of Evil (A My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic fanfic with some LoTR lore added), when the big bad has destroyed Canterlot; two of the mares that are supposed to help defeat him (Rarity and Rainbow Dash) are on his side; Applejack is out to get more allies; while Twilight abandons her friends and mentor, Princess Celestia; Pinkie Pie is clinically depressed because the dark lord bit her, and is infecting her with black goo. The only elements of harmony that are still thinking straight are Fluttershy and Applejack.\n In Zero 2 A Revision Chapter 50 is the peak of this moment as the Digidestined are trapped in the Digital World, unable to return to the Real World no thanks to Darkheart\'s constant attacks on the Digidestined, being absorbed into him every time they confronted. At this point, only Kari, TK, Shaun, Angewomon, and Paildramon are not absorbed by him. Meanwhile, Odaiba is entrapped in a massive four-way war between the forces of Umbradevimon, Demon, Gravemon, and the survivors of Odaiba with thousands of people being either killed or possessed by the Spores.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Film - Animated\xa0\n During the animated Transformers movie. They even call it by name.\nUltra Magnus: "But Prime, I\'m just a soldier... I\'m not worthy."\n Optimus Prime [mortally wounded]: "Nor was I. But one day... an Autobot shall rise from our ranks... and use the power of the Matrix... to light... our darkest hour."\n Gets a Meaningful Echo towards the end of the movie, when all hope appears lost: Unicron is savaging Cybertron, the Decepticon attacks on him prove futile, and almost all the surviving Autobots have been trapped inside him. Hot Rod duels Galvatron, recaptures the Matrix, and fulfills Optimus Prime\'s prophecy, much to Unicron\'s chagrin.\nRodimus Prime: Now... light our darkest hour!\n My Little Pony: The Movie: Dream Valley is already buried, and the Smooze is advancing on Paradise Estate, the little ponies\' last refuge. The adults don\'t know for sure if Megan and the others made it to Flutter Valley, and that this could be the end. They tell the children to close their eyes, so that if it is indeed the end they at least won\'t have to see it.\n How to Train Your Dragon has its time when Hiccup, disowned by his father after his forbidden friendship with Toothless the Dragon is discovered, watches the horizon helplessly after seeing his father\'s fleet proceed to the Dragon island with Toothless -and to certain doom when they are bound to arouse the Red Death Dragon.\n How to Train Your Dragon 2 one-ups the previous film.  Not only is Valka\'s Bewilderbeast, the current Alpha, killed by Drago\'s own Bewilderbeast, Stoick is killed after taking a blast meant for Hiccup from a Brainwashed and Crazy  Toothless!  Afterwards, all of the dragons are taken by Drago, who is on his way to destroy Berk in his bid to rule the world, with the heroes at a complete loss at what to do.\n Disney has a lot of these. Commonly they happen soon after the Award Bait Song or the runner up.\n In Aladdin, Jafar gets the genie, becomes the most powerful sorcerer in the world, takes over Agrabah, turns Aladdin back into a street rat and blasts him to a far away snowy place.\n In The Lion King, after Mufasa dies, Pride Rock falls under Scar\'s rule and Simba becomes too troubled over the guilt of his father\'s death.\n In its sequel, Kovu gets banished from both Pride Rock and the outlanders.\n In Hercules, Hades takes away Herc\'s power, unleashes the Titans, and takes over Olympus.\n Toy Story 3 has Woody and his friends about to be incinerated after Lotso refuses to stop the conveyor belt.\n Wreck-It Ralph has two:\n The first has Ralph returning to his game after breaking Vanellope\'s cart and heart to save her, and he finds out his game is about to be unplugged due to Felix not returning.\n The second one happens toward the end, when  the Cy-bug horde has destroyed the entirety of Sugar Rush and are heading toward the tunnel to Game Central Station, Vanellope can\'t pass the gate due to her being a glitch, Calhoun runs out of ammo to fight the Cy-bugs, and Cy-bug!Turbo has captured Ralph when Ralph tries to activate Diet Cola Mountain.\n Frozen: Elsa has accidentally frozen Anna\'s heart and only an act of true love can save her. Kristoff takes her back to the castle to be kissed by Prince Hans, who turns out to have been playing Anna for a sucker so he can kill Elsa, who had been captured and imprisoned, and take over Arendelle, leaving Anna to freeze to death.\n Tangled: After being convinced that Flynn/Eugene has betrayed her for the crown, Rapunzel willingly goes back to the tower to be with Gothel. It gets worse when Rapunzel realises the truth about Gothel, and herself, and Flynn/Eugene is stabbed by Gothel when he arrives to save her. Rapunzel then promises to stay with Gothel forever if she allows her to heal him. The earlier establishment that Rapunzel never ever breaks her promises makes the whole thing incredibly intense.\n Pooh\'s Grand Adventure: (yes, this has actually happened in a Winnie-The-Pooh\'\' movie, of all places) By the end of the second act of the film, Pooh and friends\' journey to find Christopher Robin has taken some rather bad turns. The map given to them by Owl is useless, Rabbit admits they have been lost for hours and has a meltdown, they feel that they can\'t find Christopher Robin without Christopher Robin\'s help, and poor Pooh is teetering on the edge of the Despair Event Horizon.\n In Kung Fu Panda, all the heroes have a soul crushingly heartrending night where Master Oogway, the only one who stopped Tai Lung before and the only one who has faith in Po as the Dragon Warrior, dies, leaving Master Shifu with a seemingly impossible promise to train the fat panda, while Po now fully realizes how hopeless he truly is, on top of his profound self-loathing that even Shifu cannot alleviate. Meanwhile, Tigress feels she has no other choice but to defy her master and set out to stop Tai Lung herself, despite his prohibition.\n Also Kung Fu Panda 2, when Po is seemingly dead (with his doubts about his real parents keeping him from fighting as well as he should be), Master Croc and Master Storming Ox have both given up, and the Furious Five are captured by Lord Shen, who plans to use his cannon to kill them for the whole world to see and bring an end to Kung Fu.\n Both the first two Shrek films with both examples involving misunderstandings and Fiona hooking up with someone else.\n In The Boxtrolls, Eggs and the last of the boxtrolls have all been rounded up,  and it looks like all the boxtrolls have been killed, and Snatcher is about to kill off Eggs and get what he wants: a spot on the council and a Nice Hat. Then Winnie convinces Trout and Pickles to make a Heel\x96Face Turn, and the boxtrolls return for a Big Damn Heroes moment.\n The LEGO Movie: All the Master Builders are captured and are put in the Think Tanks, Vitruvius is dead, and Lord Business escapes and unleashes Kragle everywhere with no one able to stop him.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Film - Live Action\xa0\n Independence Day: by the night of July 3rd, half of the world\'s cities have been destroyed, the first lady has died, and Nuclear Missiles have been proven ineffective against the alien ships.\n In The Dark Knight, the Darkest Hour is when  Rachel lies dead, Harvey\'s been disfigured and is out for revenge, and the Joker is holding two boats hostage, trying to prove that Humans Are Bastards and everyone is in despair.\n Ironically, just before, Harvey had stated that "The night is darkest just before the dawn". If he only knew...\n In The Dark Knight Rises, the Darkest Hour for both the movie and arguably the whole trilogy is when Batman lies broken and defeated and is imprisoned halfway around the world from Gotham City...which has been taken over by Bane. To make matters worse, Bane has made the city devolve into crime and chaos and is planning to nuke the entire city.\n Serenity: The title ship is grounded on Mr. Universe\'s moon. Book is dead. Wash was killed by the Reavers. They\'ve got one seriously ticked off Operative on their tail and the Reavers are descending upon the ship. Zoe even states outright that they\'re not getting out alive.\n George Lucas admitted that he is fond of this trope, and it shows on the Star Wars films:\n The Phantom Menace: Anakin\'s fighter gets stranded with no power in the heart of an enemy battleship, meanwhile Amidala\'s strike team is ambushed and captured, the Gungan army has been defeated and rounded up, and for the record: Qui Gon Jinn is killed by Darth Maul.\n Attack of the Clones: The Jedi strike team sent to rescue Anakin and Obi Wan from Count Dooku is being overwhelmed by thousands of battle droids, Dooku then offers them a chance to surrender, which Mace Windu declines, so Dooku orders the attack to continue.\n Revenge of the Sith: The Empire is born, Padme dies, Anakin becomes Darth Vader and the Jedi are exterminated (which sets up the conflict for the next 3 films).\n A New Hope: When the Death Star gets a clear shot of the moon of Yavin, meanwhile R2 gets shot by Darth Vader, and next Vader calmly locks his targeting device on Luke\'s fighter. \'This is our most desperate hour. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi, you are my only hope.\'\n The Empire Strikes Back: Han\'s frozen in carbonite, Luke\'s lost a hand (and gained some knowledge), and the Empire wins (at least until the next movie).\n Return of the Jedi: The Rebel fleet is being annihilated by the Death Star while their Ewok allies are being stomped by the Empire, R2 gets shot (again) and Luke has a brief lapse to the Dark Side and attempts to strike down both his father and the Emperor in anger.\n The Force Awakens: The New Republic is getting bogged down by attempts to negotiate with the remnants of the Empire. They don\'t want to recognize the real threat that exists. General Leia and the Resistance aren\'t getting the backing they need. Luke has disappeared after his new crop of Padawans was slaughtered, and Leia and Han have been traumatized to a split by their son falling to the Dark Side and wanting to be just like his grandfather.\n Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom: Indiana Jones is possessed by Mola Ram after being forced to drink the Blood of Kali, Willie Scott is about be sacrificed to Kali, and Short Round is enslaved by the Thugee Cult and is toiling in the mines being forced with the other children to find the Sankra Stones.\n The Movie version of The Odyssey has one where all of Odysseus\' men drown in a shipwreck and he washes ashore to Calypso\'s island where she makes him her sex slave for seven years. Homer\'s original is told Anachronic Order, so it\'s harder to pinpoint there.\n In Pan\'s Labyrinth, when the Faun has forsaken Ofelia and her mother has died, leaving her all alone with her supremely evil stepfather.\n Shows up in both Ghostbusters movies:\n First round in the first is when the Busters are eating Chinese takeout and Ray mentions that the business has just run out of money with that meal. That is exactly when the Sedgewick Hotel calls, desperate for their services; Janine at the front desk calls, "We got one!" as the enterprise is saved.\n Second round in the first movie kicks off when Obstructive Bureaucrat Walter Peck ignores his expert\'s advice and has the containment unit shut down, causing the firehouse to explode and releasing all the ghosts that the title characters had caught to wreak havoc upon the city. Meanwhile Peck arrests the Ghostbusters for the explosion, taking them out of circulation and preventing them from rounding up the ghosts again.\n The second film has the part when the river of slime comes up to the surface, covering the museum and generally causing havoc while the Ghostbusters are committed to an insane asylum. Also counts as a literal Darkest Hour, as the influence of the slime causes an eclipse which plunges the city into darkness.\n This occurs during the original Godzilla when Dr. Serizawa is torn between using the Oxygen Destroyer or keeping it a secret. It\'s not until he\'s shown the tragedy caused by Godzilla\'s rampage that he finally decides to use it...but only once.\n The gay romance Latter Days, where we\'re led to believe closetted Mormon Aaron commits suicide after breaking up with Christian and getting excommunicated from his church for being gay.\n In The Matrix Revolutions, Agent Smith escapes the Matrix and enters the real world in disguise and attacks the last of the human rebellion. He blinds a defenseless Neo who is really powerless outside of the Matrix, and becomes the biggest threat.\n The Darkest Hour looks pretty bleak, what with cities crumbling and weird energy tentacles turning humans into ash. The perfect Christmas film!\n The Avengers has two: one for the film as a whole, and one for the Final Battle (which was so big, Joss Whedon had to plot it out like a film in its own right).\n The first time comes when the Helicarrier is barely functioning after the Brainwashed and Crazy Hawkeye\'s attack and the Hulk\'s rampage; Thor is gone, Banner is gone, Iron Man\'s armor is a hair\'s breath from completely crapping out, Black Widow is inches from a Heroic BSOD, Agent Coulson is dead, Loki has escaped, and S.H.I.E.L.D. still has no idea where the Tesseract is.\n The Darkest Hour of the Final Battle is when the Avengers, despite having assembled, have been ridiculously outnumbered and outgunned by the Chitauri. Iron Man and Hawkeye are running low on ammo, Thor and Cap are surrounded, the Hulk is being pummelled by laser-fire, and to top it all off, the WSC declare "Screw it" and fire a nuke at Manhattan.\n Frostbite: The police are surrounded by the growing horde of vampires and  Annika has been turned into a vampire; the night is indeed darkest just before the dawn.  The problem is that Frostbite takes place in the northern part of Sweden where the sun is absent for an entire month. Dawn is still several weeks away.\n In Oz: The Great and Powerful, Oz, instead of leading the attack, tries to make a getaway, with gold \u2014 and Theodora shoots him down, leaving his balloon in flames.\n In Pacific Rim, the Kaiju have been increasing in strength and regularity. The Jaeger program, which was really the only effective way of dealing with the Kaiju, has been shut down in light of diminishing success. The Pacific Wall\u2014the "viable alternative"\u2014is quickly shown to be totally ineffective against the stronger Kaiju. There are only four operational Jaegers left in existence.\n In Tremors, the Gummers are the best armed and equipped people in Perfection, but a graboid has headed for their house, attracted to the vibrations of a brass cleaner and the couple moving around in their basement. Val tries to warn them over the radio, but Burt doesn\'t understand the threat until the graboid is almost upon them. The last thing Val hears on the radio is Burt\'s scream of surprise as the graboid breaks through the wall. A few seconds later, the sound of gunfire makes it to town. Cue the Gummers unleashing More Dakka on the graboid.\n The Crossing starts at the The American Revolution\'s darkest hour, namely winter 1776. The Continental Army has been completely thrashed, forced to retreat from every encounter, out of money, and if Washington can\'t come up with a winning battle plan before enlistments expire on December 31, the army will dissolve and the Revolution will be over. The end titles state that while the Revolution had many other low points, it never got this bad again.\n In The Shawshank Redemption, it\'s hinted that Andy commits suicide, until...\n In Aliens, Ripley and Newt briefly embrace this, believing Bishop has abandoned them. Both are on the brink of a Despair Event Horizon while the atmosphere processor around them is on the verge of total destruction. The raging alien queen is also upon them. They\'re out of ammo and out of time. All hope is lost, until Bishop arrives in the second drop-ship.\n Space Jam, the TuneSquad\'s pummeling near the end of the second half and their final back up player, Stan, is taken out by the Monstars and without a fifth, the TuneSquad is on the verge of being forced to forfeit.\n In Shaun of the Dead, Ed\'s been bitten, the zombies have overrun the Winchester, Shaun and Liz are the only survivors and are pinned down in the basement, and the rifle only has two shells left.\n Britain\'s darkest hour against Nazi Germany is prominently displayed in the first third of Into the Storm (2009).\n The Inbetweeners 2 has the lads Stranded in the Outback with no apparent chance of survival. After a touching moment involving them accepting death, they\'re rescued\n The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug ends on a cliffhanger at one of the story\'s most dramatic moments;  Smaug is about to descend on Laketown and raze it to the ground out of petty vengeance, the Company is split up and unable to stand against him, the Master has had Bard locked up in prison, Kili has been severely poisoned, Gandalf has been captured by the Necromancer, and Azog\'s army is preparing to march on the Lonely Mountain.\n The Lord of the Rings: during the battle of Helm\'s Deep, the Uruk-Hai have taken the walls, pushed the defenders all the way back to the keep, and start breaking down the last door with a battering ram. Ends with Aragorn and Th\xe9oden leading a Big Damn Heroes charge directly into the attackers, and Gandalf arriving with The Cavalry.\n Mr. Smith Goes to Washington: By the end of the movie, Jeff has been framed for corruption, betrayed by his former idol, the Senate is on the verge of expelling him, his newspaper has been shut down Taylor\'s thugs, he\'s barely conscious and dehydrated, and political opinion has largely been turned against him.\n Draft Day: For the Browns, at a certain point in the draft they traded away there first and second round picks for the next three years for Vontae Mack, a player who they could have grabbed without the trades, and the number 6 overall pick. This effectively destroyed their chances to build their team in the next years. At this moment, the general manager responsible for this all but lost his job.\n Cloud Atlas features a darkest hour montage for three of its six separate storylines: Zachry hurries home to find that the Kona have massacred his village; Robert Frobisher struggles to complete the Cloud Atlas Sextet in what little time he has left before his bribe money runs out, finding himself unable to eat or sleep as his sanity crumbles; finally, Sonmi-451 is faced with the awful truth of what really happens to Fabricants who have been rewarded with Exaltation -  killed at the very moment they believe they\'ll be allowed to retire, before being recycled into cheap protein for other Fabricants. In other words, Sonmi\'s been eating her retired sisters for the entire film.\n At one point during the final battle in Mad Max: Fury Road all hope seems lost. The truck is slowing down due to engine failure, the enemy forces are converging. Toast has been snatched from the group, Max is hanging from the truck, held only by Furiosa who has just received a severe stab wound to her side. Then suddenly Nux manages to fix the engine problems, kicking off the badly needed Heroic Resolve.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Literature\xa0\n The Langoliers: The plane has just flown back through the time rip, but the world is still lifeless. The plane barely has enough fuel to make it to LAX, but without reverse thrusters, it crashes into a terminal, not fatal for the survivors, but that likely means it\'s no longer suitable for flying.\n In The Princess Bride (both the book and the movie), the boy gets a little upset at the part where Westley is dead and Buttercup supposedly marries Humperdinck. What\'s the point of reading this story? That\'s not how it\'s supposed to end! It takes him years to realize just how deeply that moment affected him.\n\n Given the press of events (many of them bad news), these crop up fairly frequently in the Deryni works. A partial list:\n Soon after King Brion\'s death, as he\'s troubled by vile rumours and worried about the Shadowed One, and having just been acquitted of treason and heresy, Alaric Morgan stands contemplating Brion\'s new tomb in Deryni Rsiing:\n ...That the good and gentle Brion should end this way was not fitting. Life had been too short; the good done well, but not enough done, for lack of tiem. Why? Why had it been necessary for him to end this way?\n You were father and brother to me, Morgan thought dully. If only I had been at your side that day, I might have spared you this indignity, this useless gasping out of your life\'s breath! Now, with you gone...\n Morgan again, late in Deryni Checkmate. He\'s barely escaped from men who wanted to burn him at the stake, his people are in revolt against him, the Church Militant has excommunicated him and his cousin (who\'s radiating his own misery over his threatened priestly vocation), his king and country are facing immenent invasion, his beloved sister Bronwyn and her fiance have died from a badly set love charm. He withdraws to the grotto on his castle grounds and overhears his bard weeping and composing a lament in honour of Bronwyn.\n Duncan has one that begins in Dhassa, once he learns his father\'s army is missing; he stares out the window wracked by guilt over his duty to his father (Duncan is now the elder Duke Jared\'s only heir) and troubled by conflict between his priestly vocation ("at once held and not held") and his Deryni powers. Then one of his father\'s pages arrives on a foundering horse and collapses, and Morgan Reads the boy\'s memories to learn of  Jared\'s betrayal at the hands of Bran Coris. Duncan doesn\'t entirely snap out of his funk until Richenda asks him to hear her confession two or three days later.\n When Derry realizes the extent of Wencit\'s control over his mind in High Deryni, he tries to kill himself to avoid betraying Morgan and Kelson. His failure (caused by Wencit\'s implanted psychic compulsion) reduces him to weeping bitterly and stabbing the dirt floor of his cell with the dagger he cannot bring himself to use on himself.\n Morgan has another one in The Quest for Saint Camber. Kelson and Dhugal are thought to be dead, Nigel is wasting away before his eyes, and Royal Brat Conall looks set to be the next king. As Morgan meditiates in preparation for a ritual, he has a vision of himself in the Haldanes\' royal crypt looking down on Nigel\'s body on his funeral bier.\n Harry Potter\'\n In Philosopher\'s Stone, Harry throws away for his House any realistic competition in the House Cup and resolves to give up saving the Stone.\n In Chamber of Secrets, the school is under intense lockdown, devoid of hope, and Cornelius Fudge and Lucius Malfoy have banished the people who would be of most help.\n In Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry has failed in his rescue, a vile man has escaped into the ether, and everyone believes he has been magically confused into believing utter lies.\n Goblet of Fire\'s Darkest Hour, oddly enough, is fairly early in, when Harry, in becoming a champion, is shunned by most of the school, including one of his best friends.\n A secondary one occurs when Harry and Cedric Diggory are transported to a graveyard filled with Death Eaters, Voldemort is  resurrected and can touch Harry without being hurt by Lily\'s counter-charm, Cedric is killed, and Voldemort challenges Harry to a Duel to the Death.\n In Order of the Phoenix, Umbridge is swiftly taking over and souring everything great and good about Hogwarts. This ends when the trio find a way to fight back.\n There\'s a secondary one during the climactic fight  at the Ministry. Voldemort\'s inner circle is there in force, at least half the party is wounded, and there\'s no sign of escape or support.  Then the Order of the Phoenix shows up.\n In Half-Blood Prince, The Cave. Dumbledore is in so much physical and emotional pain he can hardly stand, and theres literally an army of Inferi rising out of the water to attack him and Harry.  Even worse, the Horcrux they came there for was a fake.\n In Deathly Hallows, beginning with Ron walking out and ending with the Silver Doe.\n From Scrimgeor\'s death onwards, the entire wizarding community faces its darkest hour.\n To say nothing of the final battle against Voldemort and the revelation of Harry\'s destiny.\n Older Than Dirt: The death of The Hero\'s best friend, Enkidu, in The Epic of Gilgamesh triggers the first Heroic BSOD.\n "I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream": the ending to the short story functions as this. On the other hand, most of the videogame functions as a Darkest Hour until the endgame.\n Katie MacAlister\'s Aisling Gray series ends book three, "Light My Fire", at an incredibly low point.\n In James Swallow\'s Warhammer 40,000 Blood Angels novel Deus Sanguinius, Rafen first, under psychic attacks, nearly commits suicide. Fighting against the attacks, and a vision, free him from the compulsion but make his duty clear to him: he tries to blow up the city where his fellow Blood Angels are breaking with their Chapter. It fails, they pursue him. It ends only when they catch him in a factory, and it explodes.\n The Star Trek: Destiny trilogy by David Mack has its Darkest Hour (and arguably, the Darkest Hour of the entire Star Trek franchise) at the end of the second novel, when enough Borg ships to lay waste to every planet in known space come screaming into the alpha quadrant and tear through the combined forces of Starfleet, the Klingons, the Cardassians, Romulans, Ferengi and Talarians as if they were made of tissue paper.\n The ending of Soul of the Fire sees Kahlan hanging to life by a fragile thread and having lost the child she was carrying, Richard believing that the Imperial Order is impossible to defeat, and a general lack of anything good having come from the events of the book, with Richard, Kahlan, and Cara quietly leaving in utter defeat.\n In Andre Norton\'s Jargoon Pard, Kethan is Switched at Birth for a woman\'s daughter, because only a son can inherit. At the climax, this is revealed to the woman and his parents; they reveal that actually, they knew it for a long time, practically from infancy, and still consider her their daughter. Kethan nearly despairs, because his purported mother no longer wants him, because she can no longer use him. After the fight, however, his parents eagerly lay claim both to their biological son and the daughter they raised.\n In Chapter 21 of The Pilo Family Circus, Shalice the fortune teller has gotten her crystal ball back, ending the Freedom Movement\'s attempt to destroy the circus and curtailing any future bids for freedom. For good measure, Kurt Pilo has had Winston tortured as negative reenforcement.\n The Alienist: Dr. Kreitzler leaves the team after the shooting at his home. This almost derails the investigation.\n In Warrior Cats, the darkest hour comes when Scourge kills Tigerstar, who had been the Big Bad up until then and declares that he and his clan are taking over the forest. Points for the book actually being called The Darkest Hour.\n In Septimus Heap:\n Queste: When Septimus is taken away from Jenna and Beetle in the House of Foryx.\n Darke: After Jenna has told Septimus about Sarah being trapped in the Darke Domaine, he is completely broken.\n Someone Else\'s War: Matteo and his friends have come up with a clever plan to arrest the ranking officials of the LRA without any violence. And then half his friends are wiped out in a single move when the LRA decides they\'ve got too many mouths to feed.\n Trapped on Draconica: After Yusef betrays the Eastern Alliance this trope occurs. The only remaining military threat to Baalaria is gone, Daniar is lethaly poisoned, Ben and Kalak captured, and all their possible allies refused or tapped. Then Rana shows up.\n In The Riftwar Cycle by Raymond E. Feist, the most prominent one of these is  the ending to A Crown Imperiled, with Pug, Magnus, Miranda and Nakor supposedly being dead, Drakin-Korin has returned, an angel has been killed by a strange creature and the Kingdom of the Isles is seconds away from civil war.\n The Dresden Files:\n In Changes, Harry gets beaten so badly that his spine is broken. He finally decides to give in and accept Mab\'s offer to become the Unseelie Court\'s Winter Knight.\n In Ghost Story, when his apprentice is having her darkest hour, we learn that what Harry actually did in the previous book was ten times worse. She realizes that Harry\'s choice was a mistake, and decides to scrap her original plan and do the right thing.\n In The Dagger and the Coin, the fall of Porte Oliva to the Antean army is this. Porte Oliva was supposed to be the place of safety where the refugees who had escaped Antea\'s earlier conquests would be safe. And the heroes even get a Hope Spot with the arrival of Barriath Kalliam\'s fleet to break the Antean blockade, and the dragon Inys to help defend them from the Antean land forces. Then Inys is defeated and nearly killed, the city falls quickly, the heroes have to flee for their lives, again, and Cithrin falls into despair. It is after this that the tide begins to turn.\n The Age of Fire series has its Darkest Hour start near the end of the penultimate book, Dragon Rule, and run through nearly the entire final book, Dragon Fate.  RuGaard is ousted as Tyr by NiVom and Imfamnia and sent into exile with his siblings, while their loved ones are held hostage to enforce their compliance. And while NiVom plots to Take Over the World, he\'s manipulated by Imfamnia, who it turns out is actually possessed by the Red Queen, who is working with Rayg in order to decimate and enslave the dragon race, which nearly succeeds.\n A Mage\'s Power: Eric and Kasile have been arrested on charges of sedition and locked in the castle dungeon. The Dragon\'s Lair is about to be raided so its members can join them. Power Nullifiers make Dengel\'s magical knowledge worthless. At this point Eric gives up and shouts for Tasio to send him back to Threa. Tasio doesn\'t arrive, and Eric realizes the Awful Truth-Tasio planned this outcome. Not only will he not helped Eric, he\'s laughing his ass off at his expense.  Then Siron arrives with a proposition.\n In The Fault in Our Stars, once Gus reveals to Hazel that his cancer has returned, you have a saddening feeling that it\'s going to be a downward spiral from that point. And it is.\n In The Witling, everyone but Pelio comes very close to death just before the climax of the book: The three witlings are in the descending ablation skiff (basically a reentry vehicle with a parachute) with Bre\'en, a Defiant Captive who would kill them all given the chance, and Samadhom, the Team Pet whose Psychic Powers are the only thing protecting them. And then Samadhom\u2014who, by the way, has been Pelio\'s treasured companion and only friend for his entire life\u2014passes out from blood loss due to an earlier injury. And then Bre\'en kengs Yoninne, scrambling her brain. Oh, and Aj\xe3o is already slowly dying of heavy metal poisoning.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Live Action TV\xa0\n On Doctor Who...\n In The Daleks Master Plan the Daleks have got back the last component of the weapon with hwich they hope to conquer the star system and the Doctor doesn\'t even know if he can get back to their base to stop them.\n In The War Games, the Doctor pragmatically summons his people, the Time Lords, knowing that he will then have to face their judgement and even the ever-optimistic Second Doctor knows he cannot run from them any more. By the end of the story, the Time Lords have separated the Doctor from his companions and he faces trial by his own people. This ended up the Second Doctor\'s tenure and finished off the black and white era of the program.\n Logopolis, the final story of the Fourth Doctor (the longest running Doctor on television to date). Most of the universe One tenth of the universe, to be specific (which is still a hell of a lot), has already gotten destroyed, the situation has gotten so dire that the Doctor\'s future self had to bail him out, and the Master finally decides to take the remaining universe hostage.\n The Trial of a Time Lord has the Doctor\'s trial suddenly have introduced a charge of genocide.\n "The Sound of Drums" (which again features the Master) counts as a Darkest Hour, for the Doctor and for the Earth.\n Possibly the darkest hour in not just the show\'s history, but in the whole of fiction occurs in The Pandorica Opens when  it is revealed that the apparently Back from the Dead Rory is actually an Auton duplicate with the original\'s memories created as part of a huge trap for the Doctor by an alliance of all his enemies, who kills Amy just as she remembers him. The Doctor is shut in the Pandorica, an inescapable prison, despite his pleas for them to listen to his warnings of the impending destruction of space and time. It\'s in vain, because the TARDIS explodes with River inside of it, creating the cracks that set the season in motion in the first place and causing every star in every universe to explode at every moment in history, making it as if reality never existed in the first place. It all gets better in the finale though.\n Before that, we had Stolen Earth. Rose\'s presence in Donna\'s alternate reality in the previous episode means the walls of reality are breaking down. And then, the Earth (and 27 planets) is snatched from it\'s current location right in the middle of the medusa cascade, and we have a dalek fleet closing in. Every military outpost fall, humans are being taken away and UNIT hands Martha the Osterhagen key. The end of the episode has the Doctor shot by a Dalek and regenerating, Sarah Jane Smith driving into a group of Daleks (vehicle are forbidden) and a Dalek entering Torchwood. In Journey\'s End we find out that Davros (back from the dead) is going to detonate a reality bomb powered by the stolen planets, the Dalek\'s Zed Nutrino energy and and every ounce of ham he produces. Also, we find that the Osterhagen key is a Godzilla Treshold for if humanity lost so much hope that death is better. Sarah also has a crystalized nova explosion that could be used to blow up the crucible. Before they can use their respective plot devices, they get transported Vault. Then the TARDIS appears and a meta-crisis Doctor and Donna run in, guns blazing. They get zapped back and imprisoned.\n "A Good Man Goes To War", where the Doctor rose so high, and saw everything taken away, when Melody is taken away from under his nose, so she can be raised to kill him. Doubles as a You Can\'t Fight Fate.\n The Day of the Doctor, while actually being what is possibly the Doctor\'s finest hour, contrasts this by showing what is undoubtedly the darkest moment in the Doctor\'s history: the Time War, when the War Doctor is forced to use The Moment to destroy Gallifrey and the Daleks all at once. This is subverted when  the Eleventh Doctor proposes the idea to simply seal Gallifrey away rather than destroy it, using all of the previous (and future) Doctors to aid with the calculations and the logistics of it.\n Breaking Bad: By the end of the episode "Ozymandias"  Hank\'s investigation has gone up in smoke with him and Gomez dead in the desert, Jack and his crew have taken almost all of Walt\'s money and kidnapped Jesse to force him to cook for them, Skyler and Walt Jr. have turned on Walt and exposed him, forcing Walt to go on the run.\n The end of the Chuck episode "Chuck Versus Sarah" is arguably the most depressing moment of the series. Not only has Sarah lost her memory, but after seeing her video logs, she starts to realize just how crucial the last five years of her life were and how different she became after falling in love. She sets out for Quinn with the knowledge that killing him won\'t actually make that any better, and Chuck watches the love of his life walk away from him knowing that she remembers almost nothing of their time together.\n Sarah: I just wanted to tell you that I believe you. I believe everything that you told me about us. But the truth is, Chuck, I don\'t feel it. Everything that you told me about us and our story, I just ... I don\'t feel it.\n For some viewers, depending on how you interpret the last few moments of the series, that doesn\'t actually get better.\n The end of the first half of the third season finale, "Chuck Vs. the Subway," isn\'t much better: Chuck\'s father has just been murdered by Shaw, Chuck suffers a Heroic BSOD because of his father\'s death which leaves him unable to access the Intersect 2.0, and Chuck\'s mind is slowly dying because of faults in the Intersect, while the only thing that can prevent its effects on him has been stolen by Shaw. Chuck, Sarah, Casey, and Beckman are falsely arrested as traitors in the CIA, and Chuck, Sarah, and Casey are all taken away by Shaw to be executed.\n The end of the episode "Spiral" in season 5 of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Hellgod Glory has kidnapped Buffy\'s little sister/cosmic MacGuffin Dawn/The Key, and is going to use her to end the world. Plus, Giles is badly injured and the gang are stranded in the middle of nowhere.\n In Angel, argubly one of the darkest moments is the end of season three where Wesley has betrayed the team and been abandoned, Cordelia has Ascended to a Higher Plane of Existence, and Angel\'s been trapped at the bottom of the sea by his own son.\n In Star Trek: The Next Generation, the episode "Best of Both Worlds" marks a "darkest hour" for the crew and for the series which was facing cancellation. At the end of Season Three, Enterprise is damaged, the Borg have decimated the forces massed at Wolf 359, and they have captured Captain Picard assimilating his knowledge and their one trick shot with the main deflector dish fails and damages the ship. Riker is forced to take command of the ship and appoint his rival Lt Commander Shelby to be his first officer, as the Borg move to assimilate Earth. That\'s about as bad as it gets on TNG.\n The cliffhanger at the "Best of Both Worlds, Part 1" (the season finale) has Riker order their hastily-assembled Wave Motion Gun fired at the Borg ship, with the assimilated Picard onboard. Part 2, the 4th season premier, has it get even darker in the opening scene, as said Wave Motion Gun, the most powerful weapon the Federation has ever created, hits the Borg ship and does absolutely no damage.\n Star Trek: Deep Space Nine has quite a few involving the Dominion. The two most likely candidates occur when the station is abandoned at the end of season 5, and is not recaptured until 6 episodes into the next season, and "In The Pale Moonlight", when it appears that Senator Vreenak has discovered the falsified evidence Sisko and Garak had made to get the Romulans to join the war.\n Stargate SG-1:\n Season 4 ended with such. Teal\'c last seen being taken by The Dragon to Apophis. Then, because of the effects of the sun blowing up on hyperspace windows, the ship belonging to SG-1 is flung galaxies away, with zillions of years at maximum hyperspace between them and home. Just after that sank in Apophis comes through the same window and is right on top of them, his command ship docking with theirs the way theirs would dock with a pyramid.\n Season 5 leads up to this: despite defeating Apophis once and for all at the start of the season, one by one, Earth and its allies are targeted for destruction by Anubis; the Tollan are destroyed, the rebel Jaffa and Tok\'ra are scattered, and Earth escapes a Colony Drop unscathed (barely). Anubis turns out to have Ancient technology that can rival the Asgard, and Thor gets his brain sucked out. Oh, and Daniel Jackson is dead. They\'re screwed, and the next season doesn\'t give them much more hope.\n It starts with Anubis attacking the Earth by using a device that will pump the Earth Stargate with so much energy it will explode, destroying all life on Earth. They manage to defeat his plan by strapping the active gate onto a recently-invented starfighter and blasting it into space, but that still doesn\'t stop the gate from exploding. Luckily, they have a spare. But Anubis is still out to get them, creating a weapon that blows up planets, and trashes other Goa\'uld warships by the dozen without breaking a sweat, and uses it to blow up Abydos. The whole of Seasons 5 and 6 play out like a huge Darkest Hour. Things don\'t get better until the Season 7 premiere.\n Happens frequently in Power Rangers, especially in the post-Zordon era where each season is self-contained. However, the Zordon era had several memorable ones;\n First is part 4 of the Green With Evil saga. The Power Rangers suffer their worst defeat at the hands of Goldar, Scorpina and the Green Ranger, the Megazord is catastrophically damaged and Zordon is still missing with barely any chance of returning.\n Second is the finale of Power Rangers Turbo. The Megazords, the Rangers\' weapons and soon the Turbo powers are completely destroyed. Zordon has been captured by evil forces and the Power Chamber is leveled by a full-scale invasion from Divatox\'s army with no chance of Dimitria returning. It ends with the now-powerless Rangers blasting off into space with barely any direction of what to do.\n Third is the final episode of Power Rangers in Space, Countdown to Destruction. The evil forces have a grip on the whole universe and the Rangers are outnumbered with most of their Megazords destroyed.\n Things rarely go well in Battlestar Galactica (2003). That said, two points in the series count as Darkest Hours:\n In the first episodes of season 3, the New Caprica arc. Most of the insurgency\'s leaders are held prisoner on the planet. The free ones, Saul, Anders and Galen are increasingly desperate, with Galen getting careless after Cally is arrested and Saul unhinged after being tortured. Starbuck is missing, held prisoner by Leoben and subjected to Mind Rape with no way to reach her husband or allies. On the Fleet, the two Battlestars are undermanned and have no viable means of penetrating the planetary defence. William and Lee are in increasing disagreement on what to do, feeling hopeless and unable to help the people they love.\n Starting at the middle of season 4\x85 The Fleet finds Earth after years of searching, but the whole planet is a radioactive wasteland. The friendly cylons have been all but decimated, with only one sheep surviving. Galactica herself is wounded and falls apart with old age. People fall prey to suicidal and auto-destructive behaviors, a situation that culminates in a bloody mutiny. The one child that symbolizes humanity\'s future is kidnapped by the bad cylons\x85 and it keeps getting worse until the beginning of the Series Finale.\n Let us not forget that the ENTIRE SERIES takes place immediately following the deaths of all but 50,000 humans, and the decimation of 12 worlds, each comparable in population to modern Earth.\n Lost, season 6, episode 14. The ep is called "The Candidate", but could very well have been called "Darkest Hour" instead. The Man in Black is in full-on Kill \'em All mode, 4 main characters are dead\u2014including the only person capable of piloting the Ajira plane\u2014and the submarine has been destroyed, meaning there\'s no way of getting off the Island.\n Babylon 5 has the episode Hour of the Wolf, where The Hero is dead after his Heroic Sacrifice, but didn\'t even manage to kill Morden. Garibaldi has been captured by someone, the Vorlons are done with what little diplomacy they did before, Londo sees his premonition of Shadow ships over Centauri Prime become true and Emperor Cartagia is planning on turning the Centauri homeworld into a giant funeral pyre to light his way to godhood. The Vorlons and the Shadows haven\'t started shooting yet, but they\'ve thrown out the rules of engagement so it\'s only a matter of time.\n Prior to the main series, the Battle of the Line (the final battle in the Earth-Minbari war) was most definitely one of these. The all-but-defeated remnants of the Human fleet have been pushed back to Earth by the numerically and technologically superior Minbari. The Humans know that there is no hope of victory, and the president of Earth tells the defenders to fight hard because every minute they hold out means a few hundred more humans might be able to escape to neutral planets to carry on the species. The Minbari unexpectedly surrender to the Humans when they discover that Minbari souls are being reincarnated in human bodies, and that the captured Captain Sinclair carries the soul of their greatest leader Valen.\n Merlin:\n The two-part opener of series four is called "The Darkest Hour". Furthermore, the tagline for the season as displayed on the posters is: "The darkest hour is just before the dawn." It\'s also a line of dialogue in the first episode, as said by Prince Arthur.\n Camlann in the Series 5 finale. If you know the myths, you can guess. Only this time, Merlin breaks out of the cave and performs a Big Damn Heroes, although not in time to save Arthur.\n All of the Supernatural season finales feature Darkest Hours, but the fifth season takes the cake. Sam is possessed by Lucifer, their last chance at stopping the Apocalypse failed, and it seems inevitable that Lucifer and Michael will have their showdown and tear the world apart. Even Castiel, a freaking angel, says its hopeless.\n The penultimate episode of season eight comes close. Crowley has a list of everyone the Winchesters have saved, and he\'s going to kill one every twelve hours unless they agree to his terms. He even gives them a head start on the third victim just so they can watch her die. Faced with every scrap of good they\'ve managed to do in eight years being erased, Sam seriously considers giving up.\n The Darkest Hour for the Super Sentai franchise was shown in the crossover movie with Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger and Tensou Sentai Goseiger as Earth is invaded by the Zangyack for the first time. They\'re beaten back, but the Sentai are left powerless. Near the end of the series, the Gokaigers are dealt their own moment when the Zangyack invade again and their Greater Powers are useless against them.\n Arrow: "Streets of Fire," the penultimate episode of season 2 reaches the darkest hour when Oliver decides that he cannot beat Slade and that the only way to prevent more suffering is for him to surrender himself to Slade to be killed. Felicity manages to talk him out of it with a You Are Not Alone speech.\nFelicity: You are not done fighting!\n Season 3\'s darkest hour comes in the mid-season episode "Left Behind". In the aftermath of  Ra\'s al Ghul killing Oliver at the end of the previous episode, Team Arrow is falling apart, and criminals are taking back the streets of Starling City. Things do start look up at the end of the episode, however, as  Oliver is revived by Tatsu, and Laurel takes up the Black Canary mantle.\n The season\'s true darkest hour doesn\'t start until the episode "Public Enemy", wherein not only does the League of Assassins successfully frame the Arrow for multiple murders, but  Ra\'s personally tells Captain Lance that Oliver is the Arrow, which leaves Oliver on the run and out of resources and options.  And then Roy takes the fall for him.\n The episode "Too Far Gone" from The Walking Dead, ends with the prison  completely uninhabitable, Herschel murdered, the group separated, Judith presumed dead and the team\'s spirit utterly, utterly broken.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Professional Wrestling\xa0\n During 1934, professional wrestling was almost killed off in New York when Jack Pfefer, an ostracized promoter whom few liked, decided to get revenge on his rivals by exposing their business as fake and then promoting his own brand of "theater" style pro wrestling. Thus one of the few affordable forms of entertainment during the depression became a laughingstock in the state, with gates plummeting and news sources refusing to continue covering it. The New York territories would recover in 1942, largely thanks to the athletics of Antonino Rocca.\n Ring of Honor\'s darkest hour was May 22nd 2004, in the wake of the Rob Feinstein scandal, said co founder was fired, ROH lost its distribution company, it was unable to host Maryland Championship Wrestling\'s Shane Shamrock Memorial Cup also because of said scandal, several of their best talents including champions were barred from returning by TNA and their Generation Next event was held in a tent due to them being kicked out of an armory on account of the US Army needing it to fight a war against Iraq. During the event, the fan votes to determine who were the best of the new wrestlers ROH had managed to bring in were trashed by Austin Aries, Roderick Strong, Jack Evans and Alex Shelley, on the basis they were the best the company had to offer... the interest they generated may have ironically ended being one of the things that saved the company.\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Tabletop Games\xa0\n Warhammer 40,000: The Horus Hersey. Horus has besieged Terra, and the traitor legions have ravaged the entire planet, and the Emperor and only 3 of his Space Marine legions are all that stand against Horus and his 8 traitor legions.\n The Dark Age Era in Battletech, the Exarch of the Republic of the Sphere Devlin Stone disappears, and the HPG network collapses from an unknown attacker, this riles every faction to turn on each other.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Music\xa0\n Arguably, Rock and Roll circa 1960. Elvis had turned to Frank Sinatra-style pop after his Army hitch, Eddie Cochran and Buddy Holly were dead, Carl Perkins had never really recovered from his car accident (and was playing mostly country), Chuck Berry and Jerry Lee Lewis were reeling from sex scandals, and Little Richard had quit to become a minister. It got better.\n Our Solemn Hour by Within Temptation.\n "In My Darkest Hour" by Megadeth\n "End of All Hope" by Nightwish\n Explicitly invoked in The Devil Came Back to Georgia.\nJohnny did you ever know that time keeps marching on\nThe coldest hour is the one comes just before the dawn\nThe Devil\'s Back in Georgia will you stand up to the test\nOh will you let the Devil be the best.\n In choral settings of the Christian Mass, the music often lands in a minor key and slows down in the section of the Credo when Christ is crucified. When, in the next sentence, he is resurrected, the music perks right up into a major key and the tempo moves briskly along.\n Without question the absolute darkest hour in Ludo\'s rock opera The Broken Bride is when the Time Traveller is at the apocalypse and decides to destroy his Time Machine, marooning himself there and severing himself from his beloved wife forever, to release the only things that may have a chance at destroying the zombie-making, soul-devouring Dragon: Pterodactyls.\n Shinedown references this in their song, "The Sound of Madness." Potentially subverted, though, as the following line gives a potential Hope Spot:\n The darkest hour never comes in the night; When ya gonna wake up and fight?!\n The album Rain of a Thousand Flames from Rhapsody of Fire.\n The Manual (the Timelords\' guide to creating a #1 hit single, no money or talent necessary) tells its user to schedule a week in the recording studio actually creating the single, and warns that Tuesday will be wrecked by depression and self-doubt. The only solution is to press on: by Wednesday, everything should start to make sense again.\n The point of Wednesday 13\'s song, "We All Die:"\n No matter what, you always put a smile upon my face\n Just know that I love more than anything, just in case\n We all die...\n The movie version of the Transformers theme describes this trope quite well and name drops it:\n Something evil\'s watching over you\n Comin\' from the sky above\n And there\'s nothing you can do\n Prepare to strike\n There\'ll be no place to run\n When your caught within the grip\n Of the evil Unicron\n (chorus)\n Strong enough to break the bravest heart\n So we have to pull together\n We can\'t stay worlds apart\n To stand divided we will surely fall\n Until our darkest hour\n When the light will save us all\n Imagine Dragons has quite a few songs with this kind of vibe, such as "Demons," "Lost Cause," and "Nothing Left to Say."\n The phone call in The Wall: Pink finally gets through to his wife, only to learn that another man is answering the phone. What\'s more, he has to learn this through the dispatcher. At that point, he well and truly disconnects from the world around him.\n REO Speedwagon\'s "One Lonely Night": "They say it\'s darkest just before the dawn."\n Referenced in The Mountain Goats song "No Children"\n Our friends say it\'s darkest before the sun rises\n We\'re pretty sure they\'re all wrong\n Florence and the Machine\'s song "Shake it Out".\n I like to keep my issues strong\n It\'s always darkest before the dawn\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Theater\xa0\n Joseph being thrown into prison in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: "Poor, poor Joseph, whatcha gonna do?/ Things look bad for you!/ Hey, whatcha gonna do?"\n Wicked: "No Good Deed Goes Unpunished! All helpful urges should be circumvented - no good deed goes unpunished! Sure, I meant well, well look at what well-meant did!" Dead little sister, Villain with Good Publicity as powerful as ever,  Beloved teacher reduced to bleating, love interest in chains and torment, and best friend is accomplice to all this.\n Two in Man of La Mancha: One is for Aldonza, after being gang-raped by the muleteers. Then Don Quixote himself suffers this after the Knight of the Mirrors breaks his spirit.\n Spring Awakening: Melchior comes home to find his love interest and their unborn child have been killed by a failed abortion, making it all his fault, and he\'s reminded that best friend committed suicide, and it\'s also his fault, indirectly. And this is not helped in the original German play, when  the ghosts of his friends actually appear to try to make him commit suicide and join them. Some friends.\n Les Mis\xe9rables has a Darkest Hour for each of its main characters, it seems. For instance, Fantine\'s beg: "I never did no wrong / My daughter\'s close to dying / If there\'s a God above / He\'d let me die instead." The first act concludes with the Dark Reprise medley "One Day More", which is the story\'s overall darkest hour.\n 1776:\n "Gentlemen, we are about to brave the storm in a skiff made of paper." While history teachers forevermore would trumpet the signing of the Declaration as the birth of the United States of America, at the time the Founding Fathers knew that that "skiff made of paper" would have been a far safer bet - they faced another decade of war with a third of the Colonies on their side in a ragtag militia facing the might of the British Imperial Navy and knew they faced years of hardship and a charge of treason should they fail. John Adams might have been able to "see the rays of ravishing light and glory... through the gloom," but he also knew what they faced. There was very little joy in Independence Hall that day.\n The Darkest Hour was yet to come: the Continental Army was soundly thrashed in the initial engagements at New York, and the broken remnants fled across New Jersey desperately attempting to escape the British. It was this that prompted Tom Paine to write "These are the times that try men\'s souls...."\n The third act of Vanities, where the characters\' friendship is strained to the breaking point. Worse, this was the original non-musical play\'s finale.\n In The Magic Flute, when the Queen of the Night asks Tamino to rescue Pamina, she asks him to help in "a mother\'s darkest hour."\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Video Games\xa0\n Fallout 3: Your father is dead, the Enclave is back, Project Purity has been taken, and your only recourse is to seek refuge with the Brotherhood, who you may or may not trust. Depending on how you\'ve played, your dog might even be dead.\n The ending of Dreamfall: The Longest Journey: April Ryan was hit with a spear and tumbled into the water, never to emerge; Kian Alvane, the \'apostle\' of a religion that converts by killing, had a crisis of faith and was promptly imprisoned; Zoe Castillo, the main protagonist, was sent into a permanent coma.\n Neverwinter Nights\n The beginning of the third chapter of Hordes of the Underdark, at least until you talk to the Reaper. You\'ve just been imprisoned in Hell, your companions are gone, and Mephistopheles is loose on the Material Plane, currently heading towards the surface world with his undead army.\n For that matter, the beginning of the second chapter of Shadows of Undrentide.\n The final sequence of the most recent translated module of the Bastard of Kosigan saga, at least for players who chose to ally themselves with Mordred: Modred and Alex are dead, the French are overrunning your city, the Burgundians are too far away to arrive to help in time, and depending on some other choices you made there could be many other things going wrong.\n The Original Campaign. At the beginning of chapter four, the Alliance of the North has failed to stop the cult from besieging Neverwinter. People still haven\'t recovered from the Wailing Death, the city is in ruins and part of it is under Maugrim\'s control. Haedraline says that Morag has become so powerful, she may not even need the Words of Power to break free.\n Knights of the Old Republic: The party has been imprisoned by Admiral Karath, the Ebon Hawk locked up in the docking bay, Darth Malak is on his way to take possession of the party, and depending on your choices you may be forced to rely on the skills of a snot-nosed teenaged Twi\'lek to survive.  Karath uses his last breath to screw with Carth\'s head, and Malak has a Tomato Surprise. Alternately, if you play Dark Side, you can turn the ending into one of these.\n Dragon Age: Origins: The Ferelden army has been routed, the king slain, the senior Grey Wardens killed, the Darkspawn horde is moving unopposed into Ferelden, and a xenophobic treacherous bastard is seizing power in a heavy-handed manner that may provoke civil war. You are one of two Grey Wardens left in the country. Good luck. It\'s worth noting that this is how the game starts.\n The ending of Dragon Age II: the underlying tension between mage and Templar has finally exploded into open conflict, the Chantry is working on a major schism, and just to put the icing on the cake Orlais is eyeing Ferelden again. There are also hints of Tevinter regaining its power and the Qunari gearing up for another invasion attempt.\n Mass Effect\n Mass Effect 1: You\'ve just discovered that the Reapers are real and are planning to invade the galaxy. Saren has possibly found the key to bringing them back and is on his way to Ilos to do so. How does the Council and the human ambassador react? By ignoring your warnings, locking your ship in port, and refusing to act in case doing so starts a war with the lawless Terminus Systems. Shepard comes close to a breakdown as they sit around the Normandy, feeling powerless to do anything as Shepard knows the end of the galaxy is so close.\n Mass Effect 2 opens with The Hero dying, along with the Normandy. You\'re then brought back to life by a terrorist organization, because another group of advanced enemies is working for the Reapers, and the Council has spent two years convincing themselves that the Reapers aren\'t real. Oh, and you\'re on a suicide mission to bring down said group.\n Beyond that, the worst moment Shepard has while working for Cerberus is  when the Collectors invade the Normandy while Shepard and their squad mates are away, taking the rest of the crew, except Joker. Whether you can pull through and  save your crew while still getting your squad out alive depends entirely on how prepared you are for the suicide mission at that point.\n The Mass Effect 3 has Reapers finally invading the Milky Way. "2 million dead in the first day. 7 million more by the end of the week." It\'s implied that that figure is just the number of casualties in London. According to Vigil, it took the Reapers 500 years to exterminate the entire galaxy in the last cycle. Several million dead a day for 500 years will really add up if Shepard can\'t find a way to stop them...\n Mass Effect 3 is a game-long example, but the loss of the VI on and subsquent Fall of Thessia in particular is handled as an in-story Darkest Hour. Everyone aboard the Normandy,  especially Liara, who was born and raised on Thessia and also realized on that mission that the entirety of her species\' history was a lie, is really devastated after the mission. During the debriefing and talking with crew members after the mission, you see Shepard is just inches from a Heroic BSOD. And while all this is going on, the turians, the most powerful military in the galaxy, have gone into a full-blown retreat from their homeworld Palaven.\n BioWare liked this one: Jade Empire drops a whopper. You battle your way to the Emperor and kill him. your "kindly" master smiles, congratulates you on your strength and skill,  then casually kills you, using the flaws that he deliberately built into your fighting style!\n Most of the Final Fantasy series has one, or more:\n Final Fantasy II is constantly one-upping itself in this regard. The most prominent examples are the fall of Fynn at the beginning of the story, the Dreadnought\'s completion and the destruction it brings, the Emperor\'s Cyclone which completely destroys the previously-bombed towns, and the Emperor\'s resurrection from Hell.\n Final Fantasy IV has two:\n The last of the 8 Crystals has fallen into the hands of Golbez, due to Kain\'s betrayal. Golbez declares his intention to go to the moon and gain ultimate power, and now there\'s a force field around his tower so you can\'t go in and stop him from doing so. The only option remaining is to go back to the Dwarf King and admit you failed.\n The party has been joined by Fu So Ya, who can break the force field around the Tower of Bab-Il, allowing you to foil Zemus\' plot. But when you land the Big Whale just outside, Fu So Ya declares that it\'s too late, and the force field flashes and turns into the world-destroying Giant of Bab-Il, who begins to nuke the countryside. It appears all is lost. Cue the entrance of the entire armed forces of Planet Earth to fight back against this world destroying menace.\n In Final Fantasy VI, an insane megalomaniac has massacred the Espers, destroyed the balance between the Warring Triad, ravaged the world irreparably, attained godlike power, obliterated the heroes\' airship, and scattered said heroes to the four winds. As a direct result of his actions, magical beasts run rampant over what\'s left of the world, what little vegetation is left is dying, humankind is dwindling, and, once the player resumes control of Celes, she\'s told that she (and Cid) is probably the last survivor anyway, with everyone else on the island having thrown themselves off a cliff in sheer despair... while she was in a year-long coma. In a desperate bid for any sort of hope, Cid and Celes adopt each other as grandfather and granddaughter, but he falls ill and is bedridden. Then, if Celes fails to keep him healthy by feeding him strong, quick-moving fish, he dies, at which point Celes loses all will to live and takes a flying leap off the cliff herself, leaving a Sparkling Stream of Tears in her wake.\n In Final Fantasy VII it occurs when Cloud hands over the Black Materia to Sephiroth who proceeds to summon down Meteor to bring about The End of the World as We Know It. In addition to that, the WEAPONs are rampaging all over the planet and Cloud and Tifa decide it is a convenient time to have their respective mental breakdowns.\n The one ray of hope that might save the planet can\'t work because Sephiroth is blocking it, so the heroes have to lay siege to a series of caves in the middle of a frozen wasteland protected by an energy shield to fight a godlike superbeing just for the planet to have a chance at survival.\n In Final Fantasy IX, On Terra, at one point Zidane goes through an Heroic BSOD. Before the You Are Not Alone Power of Friendship saving throw, it looks really dire.\n Two in Final Fantasy X. First, at Bikanel and immediately thereafter in Bevelle: Tidus (and the player) has finally learned just what will happen to Yuna when she performs the Final Summoning while Home has fallen to the Guado; Yuna is kidnapped and forced to marry Seymour, and when the others try to rescue her, not only are they thrown into a subterranean maze to die, but Yuna is put on trial for standing up to the maesters and discovers the truth at the heart of Yevon. The second comes near the end of the game where, after nearly all the Ronso are killed by Seymour and the party has vanquished Yunalesca, Mika passes on to the Farplane and abandons Spira and the party is left not knowing how they will stop Sin without the Final Aeon.\n Final Fantasy XIII:\n Several times, but probably the most notable one is in Chapter 11. The party escapes Cocoon and lands on Gran Pulse, but can\'t find any answers or survivors, only ruins and wild beasts. Then, Hope\'s brand advances another stage, reminding them of just what they face. The last hope lies in Oerba, Vanille and Fang\'s old village - and when they actually reach Oerba, all they find is ruins and Cie\'th.\n Another big one occurs during Chapter 13; Lightning, Hope, Snow and Sazh have been transformed into Cie\'th and Fang has willingly become Ragnarok after being Forced to Watch Vanille undergo Electric Torture at the hands of Orphan, leaving Vanille weeping quietly in the backdrop while her best friend is continuously killed and revived by Orphan because she can\'t transform fully.\n Final Fantasy XIII-2: Chapter 5 as a whole; it begins with The Reveal that Alyssa is a traitor, then Serah, Noel and Mog get separated in the Historia Crux, Noel is seemingly killed, and then Serah is forced to face Caius alone (with her summon monsters as the only backup) and loses.\n Just as a measure of how much darker this game is in comparison to its predecessor, the ending could be said to be the trilogy\'s darkest hour: they appear to have fixed everything, and things are bittersweet at best as Serah and Noel realise they\'re stuck in 500 -AF-, but that\'s OK, because Hope and Sazh are there, and they\'ve saved the worl- and then Serah drops dead. Then the sky goes dark, Mog collapses, Noel realises that in killing Caius, he also killed Etro... fulfilling Caius\' plans all along. The game ends as the world is enveloped in Chaos, and a shot of a crystalised Lightning is shown.\n Final Fantasy XIV has two instances in the reboot A Realm Reborn:\n After saving Limsa Lominsa from the wrath of Titan, The Adventurer returns to the Waking Sands to find all of the Scions who were present are either dead or captured by [1]. Thanks to a half-dead sylph and The Echo, they get to witness this before being told to seek sanctuary at a church.\n The entirety of Patch 2.5. Everything seems to be going well for the Scions of the Seventh Dawn, however we get our first hints that something isn\'t right with several members of the Crystal Braves since the previous patch. Moenbryda dies in an attempt to slay the Ascian who inflicted a mortal wound on her. Wilred dies off screen. You get a front row seat to the Sultana\'s death, and in the chaos that ensues, you and the Scions are accused of conspiring to aid in regicide and all of them potentially sacrifice themselves so that you may escape to Ishgard and clear your names.\n Lufia & The Fortress of Doom has this right before The Very Definitely Final Dungeon, when Lufia pulls a Face\x96Heel Turn and takes the Sword of Plot Advancement from The Hero.\n Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War hits the player with this at the end of chapter 5.\n Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn\n During the second arc with Queen Elencia. Ludvec kidnaps Lucia, the Greil Mercenaries and Bastian are nowhere to be found, your main army with the most competent warriors are sidetracked and delayed by an enemy ploy and Ludvec surronds your last stronghold with a massive army of traitors and usurpers.\n In the Third Chapter, thanks to Skrimir\'s idiocy, Naesala\'s treachery and Begnion\'s bastardry, the Gallian forces are trapped in enemy territory with the world\'s superpower on one side and Daein, which holds quite a few old friends, closing in on the other. They are forced to stage a full scale retreat losing the territory they gained and some of it they started with.\n The game counts as one for Daein. It opens with them under a positively brutal occupation in which Begnion commits multiple atrocities including labor camps and murdering the citizenry. When that\'s over, Lord of the Incompetent, Pelleas, gets looped into a Deal with the Devil to serve Begnion which, in short, reads if you disobey every single Daein citizen will die of an magical incurable plague. Then they get wrapped in the the Gallian-Begnion war in which the Greil Mercenaries proceed to beat the crap out of them. THEN the an alliance of Crimea, Gallia and the bird tribes proceeds to march through Daein to Begnion with Daein losing every battle. Their bad luck doesn\'t end until the event that, strangely, is the world\'s Darkest Hour which Daein\'s Hope Spot.\n The last and biggest occurs when members of the dragon tribe side with Micaiah and Daein. This means that the world is at war and that Yune, Goddess of Chaos  is going to awaken. By sheer luck, the heros manage to find out the secret to awakening her peacefully just in time. Unfortunately, this also awakens Ashera, the Goddess of Order who proceeds to turn every single person, warrior, peasant, or little child, into stone.\n Fire Emblem Awakening\n The foremost one is when Chrom and the Shepherds are attempting to rescue Emmeryn. Just when victory seems near, a squadron of Risen archers suddenly appear and proceed to wipe out the entire squadron of Pegasus Knight Reinforcements, and worst of all, the person they\'re trying to save chooses to leap to her death instead of forcing Chrom to make a Sadistic Choice.\n Another happens later on, when The Avatar\'s future evil self takes the power of Grima for him/herself, resulting in Grima\'s resurrection and the impending End of the World as We Know It. This is a short-lived one, however, because it turns out the Avatar of the present managed to steal back the Fire Emblem, so there\'s still hope.\n This also applies to the DLC Missions of The Future Past. In what seems to be an alternate timeline, the children of the Shepherds are trying to reunite the stones of the Fire Emblem in a last-ditch effort to perform the Awakening and stop Grima. However, in every mission, the children are in bad positions thanks to the Risen, as well as the Avatar\'s children, and will fail and die without your direct intervention.\n Chrono Trigger has this just after you confront Queen Zeal in the Ocean Palace. Lavos woke up, knocked out the entire party with one attack, obliterated Crono, and destroyed Zeal. Schala teleported the party out with her magic, but she was caught in the Ocean Palace as it collapsed. The time gate out of 12,000 BC is on a separate island and Dalton and his troops are declaring sovereignty over what\'s left of the world, with Dalton personally claimig the Epoch for himself. Even after Dalton is deposed, the closest thing the party has to a guiding light is the person they\'ve spent the first part of the game trying to kill, and then the Black Omen appears.\n In Chrono Cross, after the visit to Fort Dragonia. Lynx pulls a Grand Theft Me on Serge, turns his party against him, stabs Kid when she figures out what\'s going on, and throws Serge into a dimensional void. Even after Harle helps Serge out, he\'s still stuck in Home World, separated from all his friends, stuck in Lynx\'s body, while Dark Serge is doing god-knows-what in Another World.\n Twilight Princess Example: Zant steals the fused shadows, Link gets trapped in his wolf form, and Midna is dying.\n Cave Story, after the Iron Head fight. You\'ve failed to stop The Doctor from acquiring the red flowers, and your last-ditch effort to take him down with the entire island also failed. Mimiga Village is completely empty, all its citizens taken by the Doctor (and its theme music switches to something appropriately creepy), and the Egg Chamber was ravaged by an explosion. King and Toroko are dead, and Curly Brace is either dead in the Core Chamber or damaged and God-knows-where. Your only ally (or allies) who hasn\'t been killed or taken prisoner says there\'s nothing left to do but flee, and it\'s possible to take him up on the offer.\n Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots has the microwave tunnel scene. As you continue to hammer the triangle button, the screen is split between Snake moving down the hallway, falling to his knees as his equipment explodes, having to crawl to the end, while the top portion shows his allies about to lose their respective battles. Raiden gets surrounded and stabbed by FROGs, Johnny and Meryl run out of ammo as an endless wave of enemies continues to charge them, and Metal Gear RAY mounts the battleship and prepares to fire on the bridge. This continues into the next scene and gets even worse, with Snake being overwhelmed by Mini-GEKKO and screaming Otacon\'s name as Otacon practically has a breakdown when it looks like he\'s not going to be able to upload the virus in time. All played to an absolutely heartrending soundtrack. Things looked pretty bleak before, but that sequence has players nearly breaking the controller from bashing the button so hard, praying that everything will turn out okay.\n The programmers even made it more tense for the player. As Snake progressed through the tunnel, the speed at which the button had to be pressed slowly increases, to the point of using both hands for rapid fire button annihilation.\n MediEvil 2 has this at the end of the Whitechapel level, where Sir Daniel witnesses the death of Kia at the hands of the Ripper.\n In the Spyro the Dragon game Dawn of the Dragon, the climax has a type three one of these. Ignitus performs a Heroic Sacrifice, Malefor takes over Cynder\'s mind and turns her on Spyro, this causes Spyro to go over the Despair Event Horizon. A Hope Spot occurs when Spyro saves Cynder with the Power of Love, but is quickly crushed when, while battling Malefor, the Great Destroyer finishes its path, beginning the planet\'s destruction and forcing the two heroes to battle Malefor as they plummet to the planet\'s core. They after a long brutal battle they overcome Malefor, causing him to be sealed away and Spyro saves the planet, almost killing them both in the process.\n The submarine in Ghost Trick. After saving so many lives so many times, Sissel and his friends are left in a leaking metal coffin slowly falling to the bottom of the cold sea. They are utterly alone, without so much as a telephone line as a way out, and those of them that can\'t die will be left alone in the dark ocean forever.\n In Super Paper Mario, Sammer\'s Kingdom gets destroyed by the Void, you\'re forced to fight your own Brainwashed and Crazy brother, then find that the Pure Heart that was located in the world that just got obliterated has been stripped of its power, no one has any idea of how to fix it... and then The Dragon shows up in between chapters to off your entire party in one go.\n Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door has the Shadow Queen, the Final Boss who, after toying with you for a while, makes herself invincible so none of your attacks will do anything to her. She also attacks the audience by stealing their souls so she fully recovers her HP as well while you can\'t build up your star power due to the audience being killed off. During this time, the world starts to fall into darkness and all hope seems to be lost for everyone, including Mario and his party. Cue the people of the world wishing for your success while Peach gives you her power to fully restore your energy while making the Shadow Queen open to attacks.\n Super Smash Bros. Brawl\'s The Subspace Emissary has the reveal of Tabuu summarize the trope in an entire single cutscene. After revealing himself to be controlling Master Hand, Tabuu takes out Ganondorf and a weakened Master Hand with relatively minimal effort. What appears to be a Big Damn Heroes moment arrives, when the entire party of heroes that have come together arrive at the scene...only for Tabuu to revert everyone into trophies with one flap of his wings. Had it not been for King Dedede\'s badges, there would had been absolutely NOBODY inside or outside Subspace left to save the day (with the possible exception of Sonic, who only appears out of nowhere near the end of the story to ensure Tabuu can\'t wave his wings again). This is also invoked by the game itself-after the following cutscene, you return to the menu to find that you not only can\'t replay to any the previous stages you\'ve already cleared, but also everyone is gone from your save file when you save your game.\n The Darkest Hour in the last GDI mission of Command & Conquer - Tiberian Sun - Kane\'s World Altering Missile is set to launch in 3 hours. And ICBM launchers will destroy the GDI orbital command center Philidelphia to boot.\n Homeworld has a Darkest Hour of its own. It\'s not during the third level, but the last, where you have finally found your Homeworld. Unfortunately you\'ve got several enemy fleets between you and it, out for your blood and Fleet Command is not responding...\n Super Metroid. A giant Metroid appears. You can\'t kill it with any of your weapons. It latches onto you, and drains your health faster than you being submerged in the acid in Ridley\'s lair with the Power Suit and nothing more. No weapons can repel that monster. When you\'re in your very last HP point, it stops, gets off and starts vocalizing. Do you recognize those squeaks? It\'s Baby! It then flies off, leaving a clear way to a recharge station.\n Another comes in the battle against Mother Brain. It uses a beam that not only presses Samus to the wall, it disintegrates her ammo as well. No matter how much you fight, it\'ll keep doing it until you can\'t stand anymore, then it batters you up with a few more shots and charges the death beam again. And then Baby latches onto its face.\n Tales of Monkey Island has one: In Chapter 4, Guybrush watches Morgan die from a stab wound (which had been inflicted by LeChuck). As if that wasn\'t enough, he and Elaine get caught in clamshell traps set up by De Singe just as the former is finishing the Feast for the Senses for La Esponja Grande; and after he destroys De Singe and cures everyone of the Pox of LeChuck, the villain himself breaks free, creates a bit of a Hope Spot for Guybrush and Elaine by temporarily freeing them, and then erases it by killing the former and capturing both the latter and the sponge. While Guybrush is thinking up some means of escape in the Crossroads of the afterlife, LeChuck knocks Winslow off the Screaming Narwhal and sets it adrift at sea, damages Flotsam Island, by destroying many of its inhabitants, destroys Spinner Cay and its many Vaycaylians, damages the entire Gulf of Melange and makes it his own Villain World. Right after Guybrush creates another Hope Spot and opens the rips in the Crossroads, the villain gets his chance to erase it again by tossing the sponge into the rip and drawing voodoo power from the Crossroads. And to make matters worse, Elaine agrees to be turned into his demon bride who then sprays Guybrush with voodoo root beer, zapping him back to the Crossroads! A truly dark hour indeed!\n Chapter 6 of The Reconstruction. The Watchers are dead, the world is in ruins, and an all-powerful "Lord-God" is sweeping up what little remains. The main characters are the only remaining hope for reconstruction.\n After the Lava Caves in Baten Kaitos: Eternal Wings and the Lost Ocean. Geldoblame is dead, the five End Magnus are in the hands of The Chessmaster, and Kalas has gone to The Dark Side. The party is scattered, with Xelha being locked up in the Imperial Fortress, the others are who-knows-where, and Kalas has disowned the Guardian Spirit. It\'s ultimately an example of the third type of this trope, as there\'s several hope spots before the happy ending.\n A bit early into Dawn of War II, you have been facing an Ork invasion and have only recently found the Eldar mucking around the Blood Ravens\' recruiting worlds. Then, Tyranids arrive and Captain Thule, who was in command of the whole affair, is mostly killed by a Tyranid Warrior that gets away. So at that point, you\'ve got an Ork Waaagh!, an Eldar strike force and a Tyranid tendril creeping on your recruiting worlds and only two Space Marine Companies (IV and X), bereft of a leader to fight them back with. Sergeant Tarkus even uses the exact words of the trope to describe the situation.\n And the Chapter is terribly, terribly understrength after a botched campaign in Kauvara, in Dawn of War : Soulstorm.\n Battlefield 3.  Campo and Matkovich are dead. You killed  Cole. Dima failed to stop  the destruction of Paris via suitcase nuke. The OGA refuses to believe that Solomon is the Big Bad, and moves to lock Blackburn away in Leavenworth for a long time.  And there\'s still one missing nuke.\n H.A.W.X. 2, at the end. Most of the squad is dead, the Russian general has access to the laser satellites, and nukes are launching all over the place.\n The beginning of the final day of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney: Justice for All, case 2-4.  Maya\'s been kidnapped by a professional assassin, who wants him to get an acquittal for the client-of-the-week in exchange for Maya\'s life. Phoenix then has to spend the first day breaking one of the biggest woobies in the series to achieve his goal, only to find out that his client is guilty. On top of that, just when the player thinks they found out where Maya is being kept, the assassin slipped right out of the police\'s grasp, leaving them back to square one on where to find her, the player is given a You Bastard moment by said woobie, and now Phoenix has to decide between proving his client guilty or saving Maya\'s life. All while the client is standing there and mocking you.\n In Dark Souls before the player character escapes the northern undead prison. The First Flame is dying, and when it does all light and fire shall go out with it. As a result much of the world is suffering through endless nights. The world has also be devastated by a curse of undeath called the Dark Sign and many, many civilizations have collapsed as a result. In a twist, there is some doubt (in-universe and out) over just how bad this Darkest Hour really is. Darkstalker Kaathe believes the Age of Dark is not only inevitable, but that it could be a good thing in the long run. Kingseeker Frampt believes the Age of Fire is worth preserving at any cost. Ultimately it\'s the player character\'s choice who to believe.\n During the final battle of EarthBound, the Power of Friendship is used to do heavy damage to Giygas, but eventually;\n Paula: I can\'t think of anyone else... someone... anyone... please help us.\n Paula\'s call was absorbed by the darkness.\n X Rebirth combines this with After the End. One year after the events of Albion Prelude, the Argons\' attempts at creating AGI ships caused the Xenon to become so powerful that the Ancients are forced to shut down the portal network just to keep them from overrunning the galaxy. Fast forward a thousand years, and the Community of United Planets has collapsed into complete anarchy, everyone is forced to scavenge old tech for resources, conflict is omnipresent, and all the while, both the Xenon and the Kha\'ak have been biding their time and strengthening their forces, waiting for the perfect opportunity to strike...\n Call of Duty: Black Ops near the end Dragovich was almost ready to signal hundreds of sleeper agents in the USA to release Nova 6, and President Johnson will launch a nuclear strike should things get worse.\n Resistance 3 opens in this manner. The Chimera have wiped out all organized opposition. All human governments have collapsed. 90% of humanity is either dead or converted. The remainder has been forced into small enclaves relying on Hit-and-Run Tactics to survive. And the Chimera are working on terraforming Earth to make it more suited to their physiology, which would render the planet inhospitable for the surviving humans.\n This tends to happen in Kingdom Hearts due to the practice of bringing the protagonist close to death (or the metaphysical equivalent thereof) between games to create in-universe justification for his being reset to level one. Naturally, while the hero is thus incapacitated, the villain has near-free reign to accomplish his goals as the hero\'s allies try and fail to cover for his absence.\n Baldurs Gate 2 has this when the party finally arrives at Spellhold. It doesn\'t take long before  both people who can bring you to the island betray you: Saemon Havarian turns out to be working with the vampires, and the vampire\'s leader, Bodhi, turns out to be working for Big Bad Irenicus. And then party member Yoshimo (again, if you brought him with you) betrays you as well, and the entire party is captured by Irenicus, who\'s taken control of Spellhold. He then proceeds to rip out your soul and leave you for dead. If there\'s any consolation, the party is finally reunited with Imoen, and Bodhi disobeys her orders to execute you because she wants to toy with you a bit more.\n Even RosenkreuzStilette gets one of these awful moments. To start things off, while Tia\'s pleading for Count Michael Zeppelin to stop doing the wrong thing and return to the path of righteousness, he gets suddenly and deliberately obliterated into a burst of flames from behind by a lightning bolt. Then his daughter Iris appears calling him a useless old man without remorse and then proceeds to kick off Tia\'s Heroic BSOD by attacking and fatally injuring her with another attack. When Tia desperately wants to know what the hell is going on, she gives off a lecture revealing the Awful Truth to both her and Lilli to both of their horrors, throwing Tia even further into her Blue Screen of Death mode; the fact that she started RKS\'s coup against the empire for kicks, and that she killed her own father to make his adoptive daughter Zorne suffer without regret. And after that, she decides she doesn\'t need Tia any further so she\'s about to finish her off and kill her with one last attack. Had it not been for Freu coming in with her Big Damn Heroes moment, her attack would\'ve done so and Iris would\'ve been free to continue doing as she pleased with no one to stop her and therefore made it all result in a Downer Ending for everyone else.\n The start of Act IV of Diablo III is one of these in spades. To recap: Diablo is back courtesy of Adria pulling the mother of all betrayals. Leah is no more thanks to Adria using her as the vessel of said rebirth. Diablo has become the Prime Evil, the sum total of all Seven Great Evils in one being, thanks to the Black Soulstone that you so helpfully put the Evils into for Adria. And Diablo and all his forces are now running roughshod over the High Heavens themselves, with extra despair points due to Auriel, the Archangel of Hope, being taken prisoner by Rakanoth, the Lord of Despair. Only when you free her do things begin to look up, though you still have a lot of demonslaying to do!\n Reaper of Souls has its own Darkest Hour near the end of Act V when Malthael releases the Black Soulstone, which he has altered to absorb the demonic essences of all beings of the plane that he sends it into, into Sanctuary, with the intent of annihilating all humanity. As people die in droves all across the world, it\'s a race against time to find and stop Malthael before humanity is rendered extinct.\n Pok\xe9mon Ruby and Sapphire: You tried to stop Team Magma/Aqua, but Kyogre/Groudon woke up anyway and is trying to flood/bake the entire Hoenn region. And in Emerald, they\'re going at it with each other and the sun and rain are both going on. Better go wake up Rayquaza before they destroy everything...\n The final chapter of Socrates Jones Pro Philosopher begins this way. Socrates accidentally gives a badly-thought-out answer to the question of the nature of morality\u2014 and he only had the one chance to do so. His only remaining hope is to convince the Arbiter that his accidental answer is correct...\n In Secret of Mana, after the Empire succeeds in resurrecting the Mana Fortress, the hero and his party make their way to the Mana Tree to finish the process of fully repowering the Mana Sword. After a grueling battle to test them they finally reach it, only to watch the Empire utterly obliterate the tree with the Mana Fortress, undoing all of the hero\'s hard work at powering the sword, and destroying the last barrier between the Empire and conquering the world.\n If you play the three campaigns of Saints Row 2 all at the same time, each of their fourth missions line up to make this. Carlos is put down by the Boss after the Brotherhood takes him for a "ride", Aisha is murdered and Johnny hospitalized by Jyunichi, and Shaundi is kidnapped by Veteran Child. Shaundi is brought back in that same mission and Johnny gets better, but the way it all lines up makes it quite dark.\n Haunting Ground: In Chaos Forest, Fiona is separated from her Canine Companion Hewie, Hewie is shot, and Fiona is captured after The Reveal that Riccardo is a clone of her late father... who he murdered. Needless to say, things are looking bleak. And depending on your previous actions, Hewie may or may not recover, and consequently, you may or may not be locked into the worst ending.\n The Crooked Man: David manages to help out Fluffy, but immediately afterwards, the Crooked Man appears to him in the form of his mentally-ill mother, who triggers the memory of when her mind first started to go - and David nearly killed her in a massive Freak Out. Then Paul and Marion, David\'s best friends, get a call from him. When Paul and Marion arrive, they find David (possessed by the Crooked Man) holding a gun to his head.\n Rule of Rose: The Lying Princess chapter, which comes immediately after The Reveal that Wendy is the true princess, and successfully ordered Brown\'s death. The chapter is basically just a boss fight, where every character, aside from Jennifer, dies messily at the hands of a Tragic Monster created by Wendy - who even ends up relenting when she realises the true extent of her actions. To top it all off, said Tragic Monster almost immediately commits suicide... and that\'s if you want the good ending.\n Elite Beat Agents features this after the penultimate song, "Without A Fight." Humanity had been subjugated by alien invaders, and there was no hope for anyone until the EBA arrive to fight the aliens. Right when it looks like they might beat the aliens back, the aliens turn the Agents into stone. The assembled crowd shouts "AGENTS!" and falls silent.  That\'s when the girl helped out in the Tear Jerker level starts the chant that breaks them free. The second Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan game also pulled this off, except the threat was the sun extinguishing (yet somehow still firing petrification beams).\n Happens right before the final dungeon in the remakes of Lunar: Silver Star Story. After  supposedly killing Ghaleon and finally rescuing Luna, the real Ghaleon shows up, reveals you only fought an imposter, proceeds to absolutely mop the floor with you in a Hopeless Boss Fight, and Luna awakens as Althena before the two of them abscond to the Fortress of Althena and begin draining all life from the Silver Star. You eventually wind up in Meribia, and discover that Kyle has drunk himself into a stupor, Nash has fallen into a deep depression reflecting on the fact that  his earlier Heel\x96Face Turn has probably earned him a particularly painful death from the Big Bad, and nearly every NPC thinks you\'re all completely screwed.\n Depending on the interpretation, the BlazBlue story could be at this phase during BlazBlue: Chrono Phantasma. Despite the defeat of Yuki Terumi (killed by Hakumen) and Relius Clover (fell into utter depression thanks to his plan failing), the heroes now have to contend with the Goddess of Death Izanami, who turned out to be far above the two in terms of Invincible Villain, and with her plans, every human is smelted into goo for the Takemikazuchi Embryo. She is also in possession of Phantom, whose magic was previously vital to most of Terumi\'s successes and proved it by dismissing Hakumen easily, and then she turned Ragna into a new rampaging beast that heavily wounds Jin and not even Noel in her controlled Mu-12 form can dent him, this is to the point that Rachel thought that Ragna might have to be killed (or she\'ll sacrifice herself) to save the \'world beyond hope\'. NOL might have been turned to a force of good thanks to Kagura managing to raise Homura as the new Imperator, but it\'s severely lacking manpower to oppose Izanami (which was exactly her plan!), and some like Bang has not been seen after wrecking Relius\' plans, and while Relius was now under the leash of Carl and Litchi, both of them were still pursuing personal problems rather than realizing the greater threat above. And apparently, not even the trio of Noel, Tsubaki and Makoto were THAT tight-knit, while Noel and Makoto readily would throw their life for Ragna\'s safety, Tsubaki still hates Ragna and might have other ideas. Fittingly, on this part of the story, a lot of fans have been crying Shoot the Shaggy Dog, Darkness-Induced Audience Apathy and Torch the Franchise and Run on this... something like closing the book because they couldn\'t withstand the trope, when Word of God say that there will be one final game to conclude the story so far.\n In Wolfenstein: The New Order, the Nazis have won World War II and conquered the world, and the remnants of La R\xe9sistance is fighting a losing battle against the fascists. The game even starts with Deathshead cutting out the eyes of one of your comrades.\n Occurs quite frequently in the Sonic the Hedgehog games, usually during the final story arc.\n In Sonic Adventure, Chaos has lost control and absorbed the energy from the chaos emeralds, incapacitated both Eggman and Knuckles, and destroyed most of Station Square in the process.\n In Sonic Adventure 2, Gerald Robotnik\'s plan to comes to fruition, with the Space Colony ARK plummeting towards Earth. Shadow is refusing to help the heroes, and it\'s a desperate race against time to stop the Biolizard from annihilating the planet.\n In Shadow the Hedgehog, Black Doom incapacitates Shadow and the other heroes (and Eggman) with nerve gas on the Black Comet, then takes the Chaos Emeralds Shadow had gathered and uses Chaos Control to teleport the Comet to the Earth\'s surface, then begins the process of harvesting the planet and its inhabitants.\n In Sonic the Hedgehog (2006), Mephiles succeeds in killing Sonic, which subsequently causes Elise to cry, releasing Iblis and allowing the two to become one. The entire universe begins to fall apart as Solaris eats away at time and space, black holes are spawning everywhere, and Blaze has been erased from the timeline.\n In Sonic Lost World, the Deadly Six have sucked all of the life out of Sonic\'s planet (which also results in Sonic losing contact with Knuckles and Amy, who are back on Sonic\'s world), kidnapped Tails, and launched an ambush that caused Eggman to  seemingly fall to his doom when saving Sonic, taking Orbot and Cubot with him. The result has left Sonic alone by himself and having even crossed the Despair Event Horizon, though he still continues on to defeat the Deadly Six. It doesn\'t get any better when he later confronts the remaining Deadly Six members (after having taken care of three of them), only for them to bring out a robotizied Tails and then order him to shoot Sonic.  Luckily for Sonic, Tails took some precautionary steps to ensure he still had free will and was faking being under the Deadly Six\'s control.\n Stage 5 of Freedom Planet: The government you confront doesn\'t believe your plea; the team gets chased for jailbreaking; the villains get ahead and kidnap Torque; heavy rain falls and the heroines run out of ideas on what to do; Carol gets upset and leaves; Milla breaks down crying. In the end, Lilac decides to go after the Big Bad alone to avoid more casualties,  only to fail spectacularly at the end of Stage 6. It all gets better afterward, nevertheless.\n The final trial in any given Danganronpa typically becomes this, with the Big Bad\'s Despair Gambit reaching its final stage and forcing the player to make a Sadistic Choice or otherwise putting them through some kind of Trauma Conga Line. A common theme is to have the students believing they\'re solving mysteries throughout in a way that brings them closer to bringing down the mastermind, only for some Shocking Swerve to reveal the truth they were all working towards being horrific and full of despair.\n There are two especially notable ones in Undertale:\n In the Neutral path, you fight Asgore, the King of all Monsters, when suddenly Flowey appears, kills Asgore, destroys Asgore\'s soul and steals the six human souls... and then the game crashes... When it\'s booted up the next time, it appears to glitch out, the player\'s savefile has been replaced with Flowey\'s savefile, the location of the save is "My World" and the title of the game itself changes to "Floweytale"... Then Flowey reveals his new form, informs you that, for all intents and purposes, he\'s God now, and as for you? He\'s going to save over your death so that you can watch as he kills you. Over, and over, and over...\n In the True Pacifist path, the fight with Asgore is interrupted by Toriel who comes to your rescure. And then Undyne, Alphys, Papyrus and Sans also come to your aid and everything seems to get a peaceful resolution... When Alphys suddenly asks Papyrus how he knew to call everyone and Papyrus reveals that "a tiny flower" told him to... Cue Flowey attacking at that exact moment when everyone\'s guards are down, capturing all of your friends and then absorbing the souls of every single being in the entire Underground, casuing him to transform into his true form:  Asriel Dreemurr, the Absolute God of Hyperdeath.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Webcomics\xa0\n Sluggy Freelance, as might be expected from such a plot-heavy series of its length, has at least three examples.\n The first is at the end of Chapter 12, when Gwynn is in an apparently irreversible coma, and Torg and Zo\xeb are trapped in pre-Norman Britain in an Army of Darkness parody.\n The second, a pastiche of such moments in horror films, in chapter 32, after a group consisting of the majority of the storyline\'s surviving cast, including Torg and Bert, are ambushed and apparently killed in the space of a single strip. It would be just a one-strip fake out like the one two chapters later, except that only Torg and Flaky - and not Bert - actually did survive.\n The third, and certainly most grim, is at the end of chapter 59: Oasis having crossed the Moral Event Horizon by apparently incinerating Riff and Zo\xeb, Torg\'s optimistic certainty that they\'d escaped to another dimension is defeated by his revelation that his memory of events was wrong, and that what seemed to be pessimistic babble by Gwynn was actually her presenting proof that Zo\xeb, at least, was dead; cut to the alternate dimension Riff and Zo\xeb had in fact escaped to to see Riff apparently be gunned down over Zo\xeb\'s charred corpse, followed by a Filler arc of Kiki explaining to ZHOAS why you should accept when a likable character\'s been killed off. And just as Sasha was reintroduced.\n The Order of the Stick: Azure City, a major bastion of Good, is overrun by an army of hobgoblins. The goblin cleric and evil lich that command them thus get access to a gate holding a universe-devouring monstrosity. Most of the paladins are wiped out, and the strongest is taken prisoner. The survivors from the city are leaving on boats while trying to find a new place to settle. The leader of the heroes has been killed during the battle. The surviving team is separated and unable to contact each other. Oh, and that Gate? It gets destroyed during the battle. And while that may mean that the villains can\'t harness its powers, it now means that there\'s a gaping hole in reality and the seal containing the Snarl has been significantly weakened. On the bright side, O-Chul\'s capture allowed him to befriend the Monster in the Darkness, and seems to have started it down the path to a Heel\x96Face Turn, so some good came of this mess.\n Another Darkest Hour happens when Girard\'s Gate is is destroyed. Vaarsuvius may have come to his/her senses, but he/she still owes his/her soul to the IFCC, who still seem interested in using him/her as a pawn. Durkon has been turned into a vampire, Belkar is a sneeze away from death, and there is only one more Gate protecting the world from a huge God-destroying Eldritch Abomination. Oh, yes, and the Big Bad knows exactly where that last gate is and has just teleported there, while the heroes have no method of transportation faster than walking.\n Homestuck Act Five Act Two: Vriska kills Tavros. Eridan has a Face\x96Heel Turn, blinds Sollux, murders Feferi and Kanaya (she gets better), and dooms the troll species to extinction by destroying the Matriorb. Then Gamzee runs out of sopor pie, sobers up and goes Ax-Crazy, killing Equius and Nepeta. There is also that little matter of Jack Noir, who has so far killed Bro, John (also gets better), Rose (also gets better), the actual Dave (also gets better), an alternate Dave (does not get better), the dreamselves of every troll, Mom and Dad, wiped out the populations of three entire planets, and destroyed all fourteen planets of the trolls\' Medium.\n The trolls are first introduced right in the middle of their Darkest Hour. They finally beat the game, and are going to claim their reward...when Jack shows up and starts killing everything, forcing the trolls to hide out on an asteroid and wait for death.\n Another one happens towards the end of Act Six Act Three. Three of the characters are on Derse, which initially seems fine... untile Draconian Dignitary activates the Red Miles, which end up killing Jane (who was doomed to be stuck on the moon anyway) and Roxy (who was seconds away from starting a new session). Lil\' Sebastian manages to get Jake back to his island and sinks to the bottom of the ocean, leaving the boy unconscious. Dirk\'s dreamself loses consciousness in the process of saving Jake, and was scant seconds away from corpsesmooching Jane. Luckily, Dirk manages to activate Jane and Roxy\'s dreamselves while permanently becoming his own dreamself, and he and his robots ender the Medium. Seems fine, right? Too bad Caliborn wakes up, frees himself, and starts up his session while Lord English destroys an entire dreambubble full of dead Trolls and Humans.\n Act 6 Act 6 Intermission 4 tops all the previous examples. Nearly all the protagonists are dead, the entire incipisphere is wrecked, the few people who are alive have either crossed or are very close to crossing the Despair Event Horizon, the universe itself is suffering from glitch corruption due to Caliborn messing with the Act 6 cartridge.\n El Goonish Shive: In the ninth part of the Sister II arc Nanase futilely tries to talk to Abraham to convince him to spare Ellen\'s life but he cuts her fairy doll avatar down. This hurts her unimaginably as she can feel everything but she creates another avatar and tries again. Abraham thinks he is fighting puppets controlled by the elf he defeated earlier and refuses to even acknowledge what she is trying to tell him believing it to be trickery. Instead, he cuts the avatars down as fast as Nanase can create them each time causing her physical pain but she keeps trying over and over again. All this while every mortal being in the area who could possibly help her has either been put into a deep sleep by Abraham or is unaware of her plight.\n Bittersweet Candy Bowl has December, when  Mike tells Lucy just how he feels about her. Or does he? At the same time, Paulo is worried he is going to hurt his girlfriend due to his longtime crush on the now-free Lucy and Abbey finds out that his mother died years ago, after a brutal beating she received from his father. And then hid that she had died from her children, making Abbey feel like she had abandoned them instead.\n Romantically Apocalyptic: There\x92s a pretty long period of time that functions as this, with many events making it worse. The biomass integrates Snippy, so now he\x92s mentally trapped in his past, and physically trapped in this monstrosity. The biomass then finds Pilot, who Captain tells to rescue Snippy. He tries, and fails, and is integrated into the biomass too. So he\x92s also trapped in his mind. Then, a Hope Spot as the being known as the lifealope forms\x85 but nope, it looks like the biomass is going to integrate or destroy it. And ANNET found Engineer and is going to kill him. For a comic that was previously just wacky humor, it takes a pretty dark turn.\n At the end of season one of Tower of God, this happens for both Baam and his team in different ways.  Baam is betrayed by Rachel, debasing everything he worked for until now, because all he wanted was to be with her, which also destroyed a large part of his trusting nature, and for the team\x85 well, the one that held it together died. Rak and Androssi didn\'t even bother to show up for the announcement of death, but they all decided to help Rachel achieving her goals to cherish Baam\'s memory.\n Schlock Mercenary has the aftermath of the Battle of Oisri. The Toughs\' ship is destroyed with no prospect of another, a high-powered member has betrayed the company\'s trust, the UNS is angrier at them than ever, and Petey has decided that they aren\'t a force for good anymore and won\'t help them do anything but retire. All that\'s left of Tagon\'s Toughs is some bug hunt that Schlock wants to go on...\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Web Original\xa0\n Web Animation/RWBY:  Volume 3 ends with this, made darker by how light the show was up until now. it starts with the brutal death of Penny in Chapter 9 and only gets worse from their. First her death was broadcast across the world, and the resulting panic causes a massive influx of Grimm. Next the White Fang arrive on Cinder\'s orders with even more Grimm, and begin their own attack on Beacon Academy, led by Blake\'s former mentor Adam Taurus, who gives Blake a painful Curb-Stomp Battle, and then cuts of Yang\'s arm when she tries to save Blake. Meanwhile Cinder finally obatins the Fall Maiden power by murdering Amber, and uses that power to murder Pyrrah, and destroy the CCT tower that allows Vale to communicate with the other kingdoms. By Chapter 12, Vale is wrecked, Beacon has been closed down, Ozpin is missing, Yang is deep the Despair Event Horizon, Weiss has been forced to return home by her father, Blake has run away again, and Team RWBY is scattered across Remnant with no way of contacting eachother. Of the four main cast, only Ruby has not given up, tracking Cinder with help from the surviving member\'s of JNPR.\n There Will Be Brawl - the butchers are still on the loose, Princess Peach is still missing, and to make matters worse, Kirby has escaped from jail.\n Whateley Universe example: the story "Christmas Elves". One chapter ends with Fey trapped and powerless in a magical circle so she can be mindslaved, Shroud gone, and Generator locked to a table and stabbed through the heart so hard that the athame goes through her and is stuck in the table.\n The 9/11 attacks in the Global Guardians PBEM Universe. While rescuing people from the World Trade Center, four Guardians members were seriously injured (one to the point of being permanently paralyzed) and another killed when the towers collapsed.\n In Chrono Hustle #10, the main characters start out in the custody of the TRD, before being transferred to the TDD for mind-wipes. They manage to escape to 1942, but in the process, one of the characters is killed, one is gravely injured and, before he is able to receive proper medical attention, they are immediately arrested by Nazis, thus ending the first volume.\n Welcome to Night Vale episode 47 in its entirety. Cecil is nowhere to be seen. Carlos is now trapped in the house that does not exist since his scientists have been arrested. Tamika has been captured. Lauren and Kevin have taken over the radio station and re-decorated it to make it "more like home." And to add insult to injury, the citizens of Night Vale have now been herded into an "eternal picnic" (or rather, internment camp) where they are to stay and work, and never leave. Night Vale has also become a part of the Greater Desert Bluffs Metropolitan Area.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Western Animation\xa0\n The Powerpuff Girls - The Movie: The city\'s being destroyed by mutated monkeys, the entire city of Townsville hates them, and Mojo Jojo is holding their father hostage.\n Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Being Star Wars, several Episodes have Darkest Hour moments, some resulting in a Downer Ending in the middle of an arc.\n Weapons Factory: Outside the factory, Ray-Shielded Separatist super tanks are tearing through Anakin and Luminara\'s troops and blowing them to kingdom come, and inside the factory, Ahsoka is knocked out (again), and the Geonosians steal the explosives that were going to be used to blow the reactor, throwing a monkey wrench into Ahsoka and Barriss\'s operation.\n Wookie Attack: During the final fight on the Trandoshans\' floating fortress, they shoot down the hijacked speeder drivven by O-Mer, and our heroes our downed on the floor with the Trandos pointing their weapons at Ahsoka, the teenaged younglings, and Chewbacca, and Garnac gloats that Ahsoka will make a prize trophy (her skin at least) to his "hunting collection". Thankfully, the bounty hunter, Sugi arrives to save the day with a squad of Wookies who got the transmission from the at first not working transmitter built by Chewbacca!\n At the end of Gungan Attack, Riff Tamson and his Sepratist forces have defeated and captured the Republic/Mon Calamari/Gungan Army and stands victorious on Mon Calamari, with only Ahsoka and Prince Lee-Char uncaptured.\n At the end of the first half of Season Four, Slaves of the Republic, our heroes are all captured and enslaved by the Zygerrians and have no hope of escape, with Anakin as the Zygerrian queen\'s personal servant, Ahsoka caged above the queen\'s palace and being tortured without pity or mercy by the prime minister of Zygerria, and Obi-Wan and Rex broken by the keeper of the Zygerrian slave hub on Kadavo. It carries over to the next episode, Escape from Kadavo.\n In Escape From Kadavo, during the rescue mission, Keeper Arguss activates the floor trap to the Togruta slaves\' cell and breaks the controls to prevent Obi-Wan and Rex from turning it off, and Plo Koon can\'t move his ship for the rescue mission until the ray-shielded enemy cannons are destroyed, which are shooting at Plo Koon\'s fighter and gunship squadron.\n Avatar: The Last Airbender has two potential candidates.\n One is the "Crossroads of Destiny" where Zuko does not complete his Heel\x96Face Turn, Azula backshoots Aang with lightning, nearly killing him, and the previously impenetrable Earth Kingdom Capital Ba Sing Se falls to the Fire Nation.\n Another is the "Day of the Black Sun" where Sokka tries to lead an invasion of the Fire Nation during a solar eclipse. Instead, we learn that Azula knew about the invasion all along and the Fire Nation was ready. The end result was that the invasion failed, virtually all the troops were sent to prison, and the few remaining children had to hide out in the Western Air Temple. But it wasn\'t all bad\u2014the thing keeping it from being a total downer (as opposed to the fall of Ba Sing Se) was  Zuko\'s long-awaited real Heel\x96Face Turn, heralded by an epic Calling the Old Man Out scene and badass lightning redirection.\n Sequel Series The Legend of Korra has one in Book 1 when Amon and his Equalists have taken over Republic City, and benders are having their bending taken away. Korra and her friends have to hide from the invasion, and the help they receive from General Iroh II goes haywire.\n Book 2 is even more heartwrenching. Unalaq has managed to fuse with the ultimate dark spirit Vaatu, becoming a Dark Avatar, and he and Korra duke it out. But then...Vaatu pulls Raava out of Korra and brutally kills her, shattering Korra\'s connection with her past lives. As if that wasn\'t enough, Unalaq then grows to enormous size and starts wreaking havoc on Republic City.\n Every season of Teen Titans has one of these occur during the season finale.\n Season 1: The Teen Titans are infected with nanobots that will kill them upon Slade\'s command. To save their lives, Robin swears to serve Slade as his apprentice.\n Season 2: Terra casts aside all compassion she once felt for the Teen Titans, ruthlessly attacks and attempts to kill them, and helps Slade conquer the city.\n Season 3: Cyborg quits the Teen Titans so he can be leader of Titans East. Titans East, however, are under Brother Blood\'s psychic control.\n Season 4: Trigon arises and kills everyone on the face of the Earth except for Slade and the Teen Titans.\n Season 5: Though not technically the season finale, the culmination of the story arc involved the Brotherhood of Evil kidnapping every teenage superhero on the planet (with only five or six exceptions). The actual season finale also fulfilled this trope, at least if you were a Beast Boy/Terra shipper.\n The last episode(s) of Danny Phantom where an asteroid is about to come hurtling towards Earth. Several attempts to create a Hope Spot occurs when the world sends missiles towards it, but they ultimately fail and the planet is left to bide their time till their doom. The protagonist and titular character has gotten rid of his ghost powers and the villain offers everyone another hope spot...in return for being named ruler of the world.\n The concept of the "Darkest Hour" is a major part of Transformers philosophy, signifying a threat that seems to blot out all hope in the universe. The way to avert it is to bring all Transformers together against whatever threatens them - thus the phrase "Till All Are One". The animated movie is the example of this, but it recurs throughout different continuities.\n The season 2 finale of Transformers Prime actually has "Darkest Hour\'\' as its title. And it is.\n ReBoot: The city is completely ruined, only the principal office has any power, and it\'s impossible to repair the city. The remaining population is holed up in the principal office and doesn\'t have the supplies to last very long. And to make matters worse a game has landed which will crash the entire system when the User wins. The only way out of this mess is to invoke a Deus ex Machina and pray for the User to intervene as the system crashes and everything fades to black. A couple of key strokes from the User and everything is fixed, including bringing back the dead.\n Season 2 ending was this as well. Web creatures invade Mainframe and our heroes team-up with Megabyte and Hexadecimal to stop them. Megabyte betrays their alliance and send Bob into the Web, the CPUs are shot down and Glitch is crushed. Megabyte and Hexadecimal then turn the hardware and his army on the Principal Office.\n Kim Possible has had two of these moments, both in the original and second Grand Finales.\n In the first, Kim is devastated from being played by Drakken, who is about to unleash an army of powerful robots all across the world.\n In the second, Kim has been captured by Alien Invaders while the planet is overwhelmed by alien walkers. The second is probably the closest the world has ever been to being taken over.\n At the end of the first episode of season two of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, Discord has won, most of the heroes have been broken and brainwashed, the Elements of Harmony, the only thing that can possibly stop him, are in his grasp, and he\'s ready to unleash a storm of chaos upon Equestria.\n And in the follow-up episode, Discord reveals to Twilight that she led them into the trap because she didn\'t think the riddle through to the end. Despite that, Twilight does manage to assemble the Elements of Harmony \u2014 only for them to fail. The Mane Six go their separate ways and Twilight actually gives up and is ready to leave Ponyville. It takes a timely intervention from Celestia to snap her out of it.\n In the season 2 finale, the Changeling Queen Chrysalis manages to defeat both the Mane Six and Princess Celestia, and take over Canterlot in a preparation for her horde to conquer Equestria. She\'s only defeated when  Cadence uses The Power of Love to supercharge Shining Armor\'s shield spell, which banishes the changelings from the city.\n "Twilight\'s Kingdom, Part 2": Tirek has drained the magic from everypony who could potentially stop him, and Twilight has surrendered the alicorn\'s magic in exchange for her friend\'s freedom. However, the medallion that Discord recieved from Tirek during his temporary betrayal happens to be the seasonal arc\'s final Plot Coupon, which the Mane Six use to unlock their Eleventh Hour Superpower.\n My Little Pony: Equestria Girls \x96 Rainbow Rocks: The Rainbooms and Sunset Shimmer are Locked in a Room, Twilight is huddled in a Troubled Fetal Position, having failed to come up with a musical counterspell, and the other five are arguing amongst each other, fully restoring the Dazzlings\' dark power.\n The Doomsday Project from Sonic Sat Am.\n \'\'Justice League Unlimited season finales:\n The season 3 series finale: Darkseid has been resurrected and leads his armies in an all out attack on Earth, forcing all the superheroes and supervillains to join forces to save Earth.\n The Season 2 finale is even more bleak: Braniac and Luthor are merged together, and the reserve League is occupied, dealing with the aftermath of Cadmus\' attack on the Watchtower, leaving just the original seven*\xa0(Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Flash, Martian Manhunter, and Hawkgirl) to fight him. Near the end, Braniac!Luthor is about to destroy Earth and has knocked out everyone but the Flash, who gets scared and runs away -or so the evil duo thought.\n Happens a lot in The Avengers: Earth\'s Mightiest Heroes!:\n The first season premier has the massive breakout of the 4 super villain prisons, forcing all of the superheroes to unite against them.\n Then Kang\'s massive invasion forces has swarmed all over the Earth, which forces Ant-Man to use his Ultron army.\n After that Ultron nearly succeeds in a global nuclear apocalypse. Whew!\n Happens to the titular Motorcity in the first part of the finale "Vega": Mike Chilton has been arrested and is to be executed, KaneCo bots are running amok and the Genesis Pod has been planted, the latter of which is set to wipe out the entire city and its people.\n In the Futurama movie "Bender\'s Big Score", the Darkest Hour comes when the scammer aliens manage to buy out the Earth and exile its inhabitants to the moons of Neptune. The Earthicans end up teaming up with Robot Santa to take back their home.\n The season one finale of Gravity Falls, "Gideon Rises". Gideon Gleeful takes over the Mystery Shack and plots to turn it into an amusement park dedicated to himself, Dipper and Mabel not only fail to get it back but lose Journal 3 in the process, and Grunkle Stan is prepared to send the twins home because he won\'t be able to take care of them over the summer.\n "Dipper and Mabel vs the Future" takes it Upto Eleven, with Bill Cipher starting the apocalypse by tricking an emotionally compromised Mabel into giving him the Rift.\n Wierdmaggedon takes it even further. Bill has turned Gravity Falls into a Wierd apocalyptic wasteland, captured a large number of people, including Ford, the only one who knew of Bill\'s weakness, and destroyed the Journals, the only other source of information on Bill, before sicking his lackeys on Dipper.\n\n\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Real Life\xa0\n The Black Death, so far the most horrific plague Eurasia ever had to face. In a span of three to four years, the population of the Eurasian landmass was reduced of one third. The general perception was that the Apocalypse was coming.\n The Other Wiki attributes Winston Churchill as the Trope Namer for this phrase, having used it in speeches for the period of World War II where France had just surrendered to the Nazis, the Germans seemed to be making great progress against the Soviet Union to the east, and the Luftwaffe and Kriegsmarine were executing The Blitz against Britain.\n"Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say \'This was their finest hour.\'"\n In Asia Imperial Japan has already conquered most of Southeast Asia, a major sign of this was the Fall of Singapore, which was the British stronghold on Asia. Then was the attack on Pearl Harbor, and the Japanese fleet was on its way to Australia.\n The second week of the Eastern Theatre of World War II was this for the Allies. In the first fortnight of Operation Barbarossa, the Germans (mistakenly) boasted that half of the entire Red Army had been destroyed and the Soviet state was on the verge of collapse. This view was shared by the USA and Britain, though China and Japan had quiet confidence in the Soviets and reserved their judgement. This was understandable; in the first care-free fortnight of the Soviet-German war the Germans had seemed to breeze through the Red Army almost effortlessly, taking millions of unarmed Soviet troops on a peace-time footing prisoner. But in the third week, at Smolensk, this illusion was shattered by the two-month More Dakka trench-warfare battle of attrition there that had the Germans clawing for every inch and even being forced to retreat from the salient made by Guderian\'s insubordinate and overconfident capture of Yel\'nya.\n After that was another Darkest Hour. The two-month battle of Kiev and the first two weeks of Operation Typhoon, which were a colossal defeats for the Red Army with many hundreds of thousand being taken prisoner, renewed people\'s fears (and hopes) that perhaps the Soviet Union would fall after all... only for the failure of the rest of Typhoon, the mixed success of the Soviet Winter Counter-Offensive of 1941-2, and the entry of the USA into the war to give them totally justified and utterly unshakable faith that the Allies would prevail after all - however long that took.\n The Cold War, for humanity as a whole. In a reversal of all indications from history, two powerful nations in an arms race, itching to defeat the other, did not go to war in a period of 40 years. With enough nuclear weapons to render the Earth uninhabitable many times over, and events like the Cuban Missile Crisis bringing tensions to alarming levels, where the public kept track of something called The Doomsday Clock, the Cold War ended peacefully.\n The Cuban Missile Crisis deserves further special mention, here. It\'s one of the closest instances of nuclear war to date. Kennedy himself estimated the odds of nuclear war at somewhere between 1/3 and 1/2. The solution that prevented nuclear war was not even possible at first, and was a longshot from the beginning, relying on military and political leaders, as well as the personnel up and down the line on both sides, to put their faith in the hope that the other side (and their own) would avoid nuclear war at all costs. Leaders on both sides, especially at the worst parts of the crisis, were well aware that The End of the World as We Know It was likely if they didn\'t pull through.\n Further, two out of the three Russian leaders whose approval was needed to launch their nuclear weapons had already given the OK. The only one who did not approve of opening fire was the captain of the submarine from where the missile was to be be fired. Thankfully, that was enough.\n Within the Cold War, the second half of the Seventies were this for the United States and the Free World. The policy of containment had collapsed in Vietnam, which had fallen to the Communists in 1975. Communism seemed on the march everywhere. Communist terrorist groups were carrying out bombings and assassinating non-Communist political leaders in Italy and West Germany. The Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan. Meanwhile, the United States seemed to be on its back: economically, there was a combination of recession and inflation that Keynesianism, the then-dominant school of economics, held to be impossible; on foreign policy, after the defeat in Vietnam, opinion polls showed that a majority of Americans opposed any intervention abroad except in the event of an invasion of Canada; and America seemed helpless to respond to the seizure of the American embassy and the taking of American hostages by the Iranians.\n If life can be considered a story, the Permian-Triassic extinction needs to be mentioned here. 70% of land creatures died, and in the water, it may have been as high as 95%. The freaking trilobytes, survivors that they were, all went extinct. It took something that severe for the ancestors of dinosaurs to step up.\n During the Libyan Civil War, Gaddafi\'s assault on Benghazi was this for the rebels. He had the superior forces, the rebel capital was certain to fall, and the promised Western support was nowhere to be seen. Cue the French air force, followed by 120+ Tomahawk missiles.\n In late 2012, this began for The BBC \u2014 one of the world\'s most respected broadcasters \u2014 when an ITV documentary claimed that their legendary youth/children\'s show presenter Jimmy Savile, who had died the previous year to nationwide mourning, was actually a serial sexual offender who used his showbusiness clout and charity work to sexually assault children and young women while avoiding scrutiny from everyone from fellow BBC employees to authorities to the National Health Service. Worse, the initial testimonials from victims had been made for a BBC documentary that was quashed by higher-ups. After the documentary aired, hundreds of additional claims of wrongdoing by Savile were made, resulting in a Scotland Yard investigation and criticism from Parliament. (Between this and a separate report that falsely accused a British politician of pedophilia, the just-elected Director-General of the BBC resigned after less than three months at his post.) How The BBC can live this disaster down remains to be seen, especially when Savile himself can never be brought to justice.\n For Norway, The Napoleonic Wars was regarded as the darkest hour because of the sheer amount of need and starvation the country was exposed to (Naval Blockade being a case in point). Even worse when crops failed and the weather got bad, leading to even worse starvation - no grain import, and the homegrown crops just didn`t deliver. 1812 is the only year after the The Black Death when demographics dropped in Norway, and the number of deaths were higher than the number of births. But then, cue the Norwegian Constituent Assembly. Commented on in the National Anthem:\n "We endured harsh times, and in the end we were outcasts. But in direst need, freedom was born to us...\n Also, The Napoleonic Wars was this for the Coalition. Napoleon had torn through the whole continent -quite literally almost all of Europe had seen action at some point- and was now pushing into Russia. The only other people left after Prussia and Austria fell was Britain, and even then they were kind of tied up fighting the Americans overseas.\n The Roman Empire had one that it never recovered from. Arguably the time the Hunnic Invasion began heralded its coming, and it was all a downhill spiral from there. Germans invaded to escape the marauders from the East. The Legions, already in a state of disrepair and mostly staffed by German levies and mercenaries, failed to stop them. All this after the Roman Empire had endured numerous civil wars and was split into two after the reign of Theodosius I. Having been weakened by internal strife, the Empire eventually crumbled and Europe disintegrated into many small kingdoms.\n To add to this, the following Early Middle Ages could be seen as this. While not as bad as the popular Dark Age Europe portrayal would have us believe, there is no denying progress, commerce, and science all slowed down a lot in this time. Thus, one could consider it a Darkest Hour for all of Europe.\n Jewish history, it has been joked, is just one of these after another. The first would be the fall of Jerusalem to the Babylonians and the end of the first Jewish commonwealth. The northern kingdom of Israel had fallen to the Assyrians a little over a century earlier, and the inhabitants had been sent into exile, where they had disappeared, assimilated among the other peoples of The Empire. Now the people of the southern kingdom were also being scattered and exiled, and it was not at all clear that Judaism or the Jewish people would survive in any recognizable form. It then happened again when the Romans destroyed the second commonwealth and again exiled and scattered the Jews throughout The Empire, an exile that would last much longer than the first. In modern times, the Holocaust was this, although unlike the previous two, this one was followed shortly by the dawn with the establishment of the third commonwealth.\n Defied and subverted with the expulsion of the Jews from Spain in 1492. What was then the largest, best-educated, most influential, and wealthiest Jewish community in the world, resident in Spain since Roman times if not earlier, was given a few months to pack up and leave the country forever. Many Spanish Jews were inclined to despair. The leaders of Spanish Jewry, however, insisted that the people sing in joy on their way out of Spain, because this was not exile; they were already in exile. Rather, this was just one more step on their long journey home.\n The Battle of Brooklyn Heights and its aftermath was this for the American Revolution. After driving the British out of Boston in March, the United States had declared independence in July, and the Continental Army had the bulk of its strength to New York to await the British attack on the City. Then the British attack came and the Continental Army was badly beaten and forced to retreat across New Jersey and into Pennsylvania. So many men deserted during the retreat that by the time Washington was across the Delaware River into Pennsylvania, his army was at about ten percent of its strength prior to the Battle of Brooklyn Heights. It seemed a sure thing that, once the Delaware froze over, the British, who had occupied New York and New Jersey, would march across and finish off the Continental Army. Even if they didn\'t, since Washington\'s men\'s enlistments were due to expire at the end of the year, it began to look in December that the Continental Army was about to dissolve on its own, ending the Revolution. It was at this time that Thomas Paine wrote "The Crisis," with its famous line "These are the times that try men\'s souls." Then Washington decided to do what political scientists call "gambling for resurrection"; on the night of December 26, he recrossed the Delaware back into New Jersey to attack the Hessiansnote\xa0German mercenaries hired by the British occupying Trenton and crushed them completely before escaping back into Pennsylvania. That one victory restored hope in American prospects; the War would go on until 1783, and there were some pretty dark moments, but things would never again look quite so bad for the American cause.\n The reelection of Barack Obama in 2012 certainly looked like this for the conservative movement in the United States. For decades, after every election in which Democrats did reasonably well, the press would be filled with talk about how the conservative movement was dead and the Republican party would have to move to the Left or follow conservatism into extinction; most of the time, conservatives just laughed this off. After the passage of the Affordable Care Act and the failure of the stimulus bill, most conservatives felt confident that the Democrats had seriously overreached and that the Republicans would win the 2012 elections. Then, when not only was Obama reelected, but Democrats actually gained seats in the Senate, despite the fact that twice as many Democrats than Republicans had been up for reelection that year, many conservatives began to talk openly about the possibility that this really was the end, that the country had changed in fundamental ways and that, this time, there really would be a permanent Left-wing majority. Suffice it to say that after the 2014 elections, this mood of despair came to seem somewhat premature.\n This is actually a cyclic trope in politics; not ten years before, the Republicans were claiming they would hold the government permanently after Bush got re-elected. They didn\'t. And indeed, the so-called "Moral Majority" was so-named in the belief that the majority of Americans sided with them.\n During World War One, the Ludendorff offensives were this for the Allies: Russia had fallen out of the War, the Americans had not yet arrived in significant numbers, the French Army had barely recovered from the mutinies of 1917, the British Expeditionary Force was scarcely in better shape, the Italians had been crushed at Caporetto and needed to be bailed out by British, French, and American reinforcements, and it looked as though Germany was about to win the War with one last big push. In the end, however, the German offensives failed, and the American Expeditionary Force arrived in sufficient numbers to enable the Allies to counterattack, winning the War.\n It\'s worth noting that the costliest year of the war for both the Allies and the Central Powers wasn\'t 1916, the year of the Somme, or 1917, the year of Passchendaele, but 1918, which didn\'t even see a full year of conflict. And then the Spanish Flu hit...\n The early 90s were a very trying time for South Africa, in which the country was on the brink of civil war. Negotiations to end The Apartheid Era were stalling out, the government of FW De Klerk was funding anti-ANC militants, and rioting was common. The boiling point was the assassination of Chris Hani, the head of the South African Communist Party. Many people thought Hani\'s murder would be breaking point. Instead, it galvanized the negotiations, and led to the democratic election of 1994.\n\n\nRemember, dear tropers; the darkest hour is always before the dawn.\n\n', u'imagelink': u'http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/darkest-hour_stf185_bar_9102.png', u'doctype': u'trope', u'links': [{u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/DragonBall', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Ball'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/DragonBallZ', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Ball Z'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/YuYuHakusho', u'titleofwork': u'YuYu Hakusho'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/SakuraWarsTheMovie', u'titleofwork': u'Sakura Wars: The Movie'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MazingerZ', u'titleofwork': u'Mazinger Z'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/GreatMazinger', u'titleofwork': u'Great Mazinger'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/UFORoboGrendizer', u'titleofwork': u'UFO Robo Grendizer'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/TengenToppaGurrenLagann', u'titleofwork': u'Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MagicalGirlLyricalNanohaStrikers', u'titleofwork': u'Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/ScrappedPrincess', u'titleofwork': u'Scrapped Princess'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MacrossFrontier', u'titleofwork': u'Macross Frontier'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/DigimonTamers', u'titleofwork': u'Digimon Tamers'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/CodeGeass', u'titleofwork': u'Code Geass'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/ChronoCrusade', u'titleofwork': u'Chrono Crusade'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/PrincessTutu', u'titleofwork': u'Princess Tutu'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Naruto', u'titleofwork': u'Naruto'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/Slayers', u'titleofwork': u'Slayers'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/OuranHighSchoolHostClub', u'titleofwork': u'Ouran High School Host Club'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/CardcaptorSakura', u'titleofwork': u'Cardcaptor Sakura'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Pluto', u'titleofwork': u'Pluto'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/TwentiethCenturyBoys', u'titleofwork': u'20th Century Boys'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FullmetalAlchemist', u'titleofwork': u'Fullmetal Alchemist'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/SailorMoon', u'titleofwork': u'Sailor Moon'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/SailorMoon', u'titleofwork': u'Sailor Moon Stars'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/SailorMoon', u'titleofwork': u'manga'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/JoJosBizarreAdventure', u'titleofwork': u"JoJo's Bizarre Adventure"}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/WolfsRain', u'titleofwork': u"Wolf's Rain"}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/EurekaSeven', u'titleofwork': u'Eureka Seven'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Hellsing', u'titleofwork': u'Hellsing'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/PantyAndStockingWithGarterbelt', u'titleofwork': u'Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/OnePiece', u'titleofwork': u'One Piece'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/PuellaMagiMadokaMagica', u'titleofwork': u'Puella Magi Madoka Magica'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/TheEndOfEvangelion', u'titleofwork': u'The End Of Evangelion'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/SDGundamForce', u'titleofwork': u'SD Gundam Force'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/KyoKaraMaoh', u'titleofwork': u'Kyo Kara Maoh!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Bleach', u'titleofwork': u'Bleach'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/InuYasha', u'titleofwork': u'InuYasha'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/HighSchoolDXD', u'titleofwork': u'High School D\xd7D'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MobileSuitGundamSEED', u'titleofwork': u'Mobile Suit Gundam SEED'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/MobileSuitGundamWing', u'titleofwork': u'Mobile Suit Gundam Wing'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Kirby', u'titleofwork': u'Kirby'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/Berserk', u'titleofwork': u'Berserk'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/HeartcatchPrettyCure', u'titleofwork': u'HeartCatch Pretty Cure!'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/LightNovel/ShakuganNoShana', u'titleofwork': u'Shakugan no Shana'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/KillLaKill', u'titleofwork': u'Kill la Kill'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Anime/UmiMonogatari', u'titleofwork': u'Umi Monogatari'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/AttackOnTitan', u'titleofwork': u'Attack on Titan'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/FairyTail', u'titleofwork': u'Fairy Tail'}, {u'genre': u'Anime and Manga', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Manga/SchoolLive', u'titleofwork': u'School-Live!'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/UltimateSpiderMan', u'titleofwork': u'Ultimate Spider-Man'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/FinalCrisis', u'titleofwork': u'Final Crisis'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/FinalCrisis', u'titleofwork': u'Final Crisis'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/BlackestNight', u'titleofwork': u'Blackest Night'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/DarkReign', u'titleofwork': u'Dark Reign'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Preacher', u'titleofwork': u'Preacher'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/BatmanTheDarkKnightReturns', u'titleofwork': u'Batman: The Dark Knight Returns'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/KingdomCome', u'titleofwork': u'Kingdom Come'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/SecretWars', u'titleofwork': u'Secret Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Watchmen', u'titleofwork': u'Watchmen'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/TheMightyThor', u'titleofwork': u'The Mighty Thor'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/ElfQuest', u'titleofwork': u'ElfQuest'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Comicbook/ArchieComicsSonicTheHedgehog', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic the Hedgehog'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/MyLittlePonyFriendshipIsMagicIDW', u'titleofwork': u'My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (IDW)'}, {u'genre': u'Comics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/ComicBook/Knightfall', u'titleofwork': u'Knightfall'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/InTheBeginningThereWasMan', u'titleofwork': u'In The Beginning There Was Man'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/WithStringsAttached', u'titleofwork': u'With Strings Attached'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/CalvinAndHobbesTheSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Calvin and Hobbes: The Series'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/ClashOfTheElements', u'titleofwork': u'Clash of the Elements'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/EquestriaAHistoryRevealed', u'titleofwork': u'Equestria: A History Revealed'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TamersForeverSeries', u'titleofwork': u'Tamers Forever'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/MyHostageNotYours', u'titleofwork': u'My Hostage Not Yours'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/ThePowersOfHarmony', u'titleofwork': u'The Powers Of Harmony'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/Fractured', u'titleofwork': u'Fractured'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/MyLittleAvengers', u'titleofwork': u'My Little Avengers'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/InnerDemons', u'titleofwork': u'Inner Demons'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/PonyPOVSeriesChaosVerse', u'titleofwork': u'Chaos Verse'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WebAnimation/TurnaboutStorm', u'titleofwork': u'Turnabout Storm'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/QueenOfAllOni', u'titleofwork': u'Queen of All Oni'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/MegaManDefenderOfTheHumanRace', u'titleofwork': u'Mega Man: Defender of the Human Race'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/FairyWithoutWings', u'titleofwork': u'Fairy Without Wings'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/SonicXDarkChaos', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic X: Dark Chaos'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/BesidesTheWillOfEvil', u'titleofwork': u'Besides The Will Of Evil'}, {u'genre': u'Fan Works', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanFic/Zero2ARevision', u'titleofwork': u'Zero 2 A Revision'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Transformers', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/MyLittlePony', u'titleofwork': u'My Little Pony'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/HowToTrainYourDragon', u'titleofwork': u'How to Train Your Dragon'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/HowToTrainYourDragon2', u'titleofwork': u'How to Train Your Dragon 2'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/DisneyAnimatedCanon', u'titleofwork': u'Disney'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/Aladdin', u'titleofwork': u'Aladdin'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/TheLionKing', u'titleofwork': u'The Lion King'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/Hercules', u'titleofwork': u'Hercules'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/ToyStory3', u'titleofwork': u'Toy Story 3'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/WreckItRalph', u'titleofwork': u'Wreck-It Ralph'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/Frozen', u'titleofwork': u'Frozen'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Disney/Tangled', u'titleofwork': u'Tangled'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/PoohsGrandAdventure', u'titleofwork': u"Pooh's Grand Adventure"}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/KungFuPanda', u'titleofwork': u'Kung Fu Panda'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/KungFuPanda2', u'titleofwork': u'Kung Fu Panda 2'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Shrek', u'titleofwork': u'Shrek'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheBoxtrolls', u'titleofwork': u'The Boxtrolls'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Animated', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheLegoMovie', u'titleofwork': u'The LEGO Movie'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/IndependenceDay', u'titleofwork': u'Independence Day'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheDarkKnight', u'titleofwork': u'The Dark Knight'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheDarkKnightRises', u'titleofwork': u'The Dark Knight Rises'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Serenity', u'titleofwork': u'Serenity'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/GeorgeLucas', u'titleofwork': u'George Lucas'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ThePhantomMenace', u'titleofwork': u'The Phantom Menace'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/AttackOfTheClones', u'titleofwork': u'Attack of the Clones'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/RevengeOfTheSith', u'titleofwork': u'Revenge of the Sith'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ANewHope', u'titleofwork': u'A New Hope'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheEmpireStrikesBack', u'titleofwork': u'The Empire Strikes Back'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ReturnOfTheJedi', u'titleofwork': u'Return of the Jedi'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheForceAwakens', u'titleofwork': u'The Force Awakens'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/IndianaJonesAndTheTempleOfDoom', u'titleofwork': u'Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/PansLabyrinth', u'titleofwork': u"Pan's Labyrinth"}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Ghostbusters', u'titleofwork': u'Ghostbusters'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/GhostBusters', u'titleofwork': u'the first'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/GhostbustersII', u'titleofwork': u'second film'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Gojira', u'titleofwork': u'Godzilla'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/LatterDays', u'titleofwork': u'Latter Days'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheMatrixRevolutions', u'titleofwork': u'The Matrix Revolutions'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheDarkestHour', u'titleofwork': u'The Darkest Hour'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheAvengers2012', u'titleofwork': u'The Avengers'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Frostbite', u'titleofwork': u'Frostbite'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/OzTheGreatAndPowerful', u'titleofwork': u'Oz: The Great and Powerful'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/PacificRim', u'titleofwork': u'Pacific Rim'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Tremors', u'titleofwork': u'Tremors'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheCrossing', u'titleofwork': u'The Crossing'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheShawshankRedemption', u'titleofwork': u'The Shawshank Redemption'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/Aliens', u'titleofwork': u'Aliens'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/SpaceJam', u'titleofwork': u'Space Jam'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ShaunOfTheDead', u'titleofwork': u'Shaun of the Dead'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/IntoTheStorm2009', u'titleofwork': u'Into the Storm (2009)'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheInbetweeners2', u'titleofwork': u'The Inbetweeners 2'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheHobbitTheDesolationOfSmaug', u'titleofwork': u'The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/TheLordOfTheRings', u'titleofwork': u'The Lord of the Rings'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/MrSmithGoesToWashington', u'titleofwork': u'Mr Smith Goes to Washington'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/DraftDay', u'titleofwork': u'Draft Day'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/CloudAtlas', u'titleofwork': u'Cloud Atlas'}, {u'genre': u'Film - Live Action', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/MadMaxFuryRoad', u'titleofwork': u'Mad Max: Fury Road'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheLangoliers', u'titleofwork': u'The Langoliers'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ThePrincessBride', u'titleofwork': u'The Princess Bride'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Deryni', u'titleofwork': u'Deryni'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotter', u'titleofwork': u'Harry Potter'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndThePhilosophersStone', u'titleofwork': u"Philosopher's Stone"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndTheChamberOfSecrets', u'titleofwork': u'Chamber of Secrets'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndThePrisonerOfAzkaban', u'titleofwork': u'Prisoner of Azkaban'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndTheGobletOfFire', u'titleofwork': u'Goblet of Fire'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndTheOrderOfThePhoenix', u'titleofwork': u'Order of the Phoenix'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndTheHalfBloodPrince', u'titleofwork': u'Half-Blood Prince'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/HarryPotterAndTheDeathlyHallows', u'titleofwork': u'Deathly Hallows'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/IHaveNoMouthAndIMustScream', u'titleofwork': u'I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/AislingGray', u'titleofwork': u'Aisling Gray'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/JamesSwallow', u'titleofwork': u'James Swallow'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/StarTrek', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/AndreNorton', u'titleofwork': u'Andre Norton'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ThePiloFamilyCircus', u'titleofwork': u'The Pilo Family Circus'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheAlienist', u'titleofwork': u'The Alienist'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/WarriorCats', u'titleofwork': u'Warrior Cats'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/SeptimusHeap', u'titleofwork': u'Septimus Heap'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/SomeoneElsesWar', u'titleofwork': u"Someone Else's War"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TrappedOnDraconica', u'titleofwork': u'Trapped on Draconica'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheRiftwarCycle', u'titleofwork': u'The Riftwar Cycle'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheDresdenFiles', u'titleofwork': u'The Dresden Files'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/Changes', u'titleofwork': u'Changes'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/GhostStory', u'titleofwork': u'Ghost Story'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheDaggerAndTheCoin', u'titleofwork': u'The Dagger and the Coin'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/AgeOfFire', u'titleofwork': u'Age of Fire'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/AMagesPower', u'titleofwork': u"A Mage's Power"}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheFaultInOurStars', u'titleofwork': u'The Fault in Our Stars'}, {u'genre': u'Literature', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheWitling', u'titleofwork': u'The Witling'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/DoctorWho', u'titleofwork': u'Doctor Who'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Recap/DoctorWhoS30E12TheStolenEarth', u'titleofwork': u'Stolen Earth'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BreakingBad', u'titleofwork': u'Breaking Bad'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Chuck', u'titleofwork': u'Chuck'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BuffyTheVampireSlayer', u'titleofwork': u'Buffy the Vampire Slayer'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Angel', u'titleofwork': u'Angel'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StarTrekTheNextGeneration', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek: The Next Generation'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StarTrekDeepSpaceNine', u'titleofwork': u'Star Trek: Deep Space Nine'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/StargateSG1', u'titleofwork': u'Stargate SG-1'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Lost', u'titleofwork': u'Lost'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/BabylonFive', u'titleofwork': u'Babylon 5'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Merlin2008', u'titleofwork': u'Merlin'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Supernatural', u'titleofwork': u'Supernatural'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/Arrow', u'titleofwork': u'Arrow'}, {u'genre': u'Live Action TV', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Series/TheWalkingDead', u'titleofwork': u'The Walking Dead'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/AntoninoRocca', u'titleofwork': u'Antonino Rocca'}, {u'genre': u'Professional Wrestling', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Wrestling/RingOfHonor', u'titleofwork': u'Ring of Honor'}, {u'genre': u'Tabletop Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/TabletopGame/Warhammer40000', u'titleofwork': u'Warhammer 40,000'}, {u'genre': u'Music', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Music/TheBeatles', u'titleofwork': u'It got better'}, {u'genre': u'Music', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Music/WithinTemptation', u'titleofwork': u'Within Temptation'}, {u'genre': u'Music', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Music/Nightwish', u'titleofwork': u'Nightwish'}, {u'genre': u'Music', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Music/ImagineDragons', u'titleofwork': u'Imagine Dragons'}, {u'genre': u'Music', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Music/TheMountainGoats', u'titleofwork': u'The Mountain Goats'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theatre/JosephAndTheAmazingTechnicolorDreamcoat', u'titleofwork': u'Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theatre/Wicked', u'titleofwork': u'Wicked'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theatre/ManOfLaMancha', u'titleofwork': u'Man of La Mancha'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theatre/SpringAwakening', u'titleofwork': u'Spring Awakening'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theatre/LesMiserables', u'titleofwork': u'Les Mis\xe9rables'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theatre/SeventeenSeventySix', u'titleofwork': u'1776'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/JohnAdams', u'titleofwork': u'John Adams'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theatre/Vanities', u'titleofwork': u'Vanities'}, {u'genre': u'Theater', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Theatre/TheMagicFlute', u'titleofwork': u'The Magic Flute'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Fallout3', u'titleofwork': u'Fallout 3'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DreamfallTheLongestJourney', u'titleofwork': u'Dreamfall: The Longest Journey'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/NeverwinterNights', u'titleofwork': u'Neverwinter Nights'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Videogame/KnightsOfTheOldRepublic', u'titleofwork': u'Knights of the Old Republic'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DragonAgeOrigins', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Age: Origins'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DragonAgeII', u'titleofwork': u'Dragon Age II'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/MassEffect', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MassEffect1', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect 1'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MassEffect2', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MassEffect3', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect 3'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MassEffect3', u'titleofwork': u'Mass Effect 3'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/BioWare', u'titleofwork': u'BioWare'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/FinalFantasy', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyII', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy II'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyIV', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy IV'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyVI', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy VI'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyVII', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy VII'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyIX', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy IX'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyX', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy X'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyXIII', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy XIII'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyXIII2', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy XIII-2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FinalFantasyXIV', u'titleofwork': u'Final Fantasy XIV'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/LufiaAndTheFortressOfDoom', u'titleofwork': u'Lufia & The Fortress of Doom'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FireEmblemJugdral', u'titleofwork': u'Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FireEmblemTellius', u'titleofwork': u'Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ChronoTrigger', u'titleofwork': u'Chrono Trigger'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ChronoCross', u'titleofwork': u'Chrono Cross'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheLegendOfZeldaTwilightPrincess', u'titleofwork': u'Twilight Princess'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CaveStory', u'titleofwork': u'Cave Story'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MetalGearSolid4GunsOfThePatriots', u'titleofwork': u'Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MediEvil2', u'titleofwork': u'MediEvil 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/SpyroTheDragon', u'titleofwork': u'Spyro the Dragon'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/GhostTrick', u'titleofwork': u'Ghost Trick'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SuperPaperMario', u'titleofwork': u'Super Paper Mario'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/PaperMarioTheThousandYearDoor', u'titleofwork': u'Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SuperSmashBros', u'titleofwork': u'Super Smash Bros Brawl'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CommandAndConquer', u'titleofwork': u'Command & Conquer'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Homeworld', u'titleofwork': u'Homeworld'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SuperMetroid', u'titleofwork': u'Super Metroid'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TalesOfMonkeyIsland', u'titleofwork': u'Tales of Monkey Island'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DawnOfWar', u'titleofwork': u'Dawn of War'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Battlefield3', u'titleofwork': u'Battlefield 3'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VisualNovel/PhoenixWrightAceAttorney', u'titleofwork': u'Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DarkSouls', u'titleofwork': u'Dark Souls'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/EarthBound', u'titleofwork': u'EarthBound'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/XRebirth', u'titleofwork': u'X Rebirth'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/CallOfDutyBlackOps', u'titleofwork': u'Call of Duty: Black Ops'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Resistance', u'titleofwork': u'Resistance'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/KingdomHearts', u'titleofwork': u'Kingdom Hearts'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/BaldursGate2', u'titleofwork': u'Baldurs Gate 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Rosenkreuzstilette', u'titleofwork': u'RosenkreuzStilette'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/DiabloIII', u'titleofwork': u'Diablo III'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/PokemonRubyAndSapphire', u'titleofwork': u'Pok\xe9mon Ruby and Sapphire'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VisualNovel/SocratesJonesProPhilosopher', u'titleofwork': u'Socrates Jones Pro Philosopher'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SecretOfMana', u'titleofwork': u'Secret of Mana'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SaintsRow2', u'titleofwork': u'Saints Row 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/HauntingGround', u'titleofwork': u'Haunting Ground'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/TheCrookedMan', u'titleofwork': u'The Crooked Man'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/RuleOfRose', u'titleofwork': u'Rule of Rose'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/EliteBeatAgents', u'titleofwork': u'Elite Beat Agents'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/LunarSilverStarStory', u'titleofwork': u'Lunar: Silver Star Story'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/BlazBlue', u'titleofwork': u'BlazBlue'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/WolfensteinTheNewOrder', u'titleofwork': u'Wolfenstein: The New Order'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/SonicTheHedgehog', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic the Hedgehog'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SonicAdventure', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic Adventure'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SonicAdventure2', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic Adventure 2'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/ShadowTheHedgehog', u'titleofwork': u'Shadow the Hedgehog'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SonicTheHedgehog2006', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic the Hedgehog (2006)'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/SonicLostWorld', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic Lost World'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/FreedomPlanet', u'titleofwork': u'Freedom Planet'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Danganronpa', u'titleofwork': u'Danganronpa'}, {u'genre': u'Video Games', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/Undertale', u'titleofwork': u'Undertale'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/SluggyFreelance', u'titleofwork': u'Sluggy Freelance'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Film/ArmyOfDarkness', u'titleofwork': u'Army of Darkness'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/TheOrderOfTheStick', u'titleofwork': u'The Order of the Stick'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/Homestuck', u'titleofwork': u'Homestuck'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/ElGoonishShive', u'titleofwork': u'El Goonish Shive'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/BittersweetCandyBowl', u'titleofwork': u'Bittersweet Candy Bowl'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/RomanticallyApocalyptic', u'titleofwork': u'Romantically Apocalyptic'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/TowerOfGod', u'titleofwork': u'Tower of God'}, {u'genre': u'Webcomics', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Webcomic/SchlockMercenary', u'titleofwork': u'Schlock Mercenary'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/WhateleyUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Whateley Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Roleplay/GlobalGuardiansPBEMUniverse', u'titleofwork': u'Global Guardians PBEM Universe'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/ChronoHustle', u'titleofwork': u'Chrono Hustle'}, {u'genre': u'Web Original', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Podcast/WelcomeToNightVale', u'titleofwork': u'Welcome to Night Vale'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/ThePowerpuffGirls', u'titleofwork': u'The Powerpuff Girls'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/StarWarsTheCloneWars', u'titleofwork': u'Star Wars: The Clone Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/AvatarTheLastAirbender', u'titleofwork': u'Avatar: The Last Airbender'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TeenTitans', u'titleofwork': u'Teen Titans'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/DannyPhantom', u'titleofwork': u'Danny Phantom'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Franchise/Transformers', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TransformersPrime', u'titleofwork': u'Transformers Prime'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/ReBoot', u'titleofwork': u'ReBoot'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/KimPossible', u'titleofwork': u'Kim Possible'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MyLittlePonyFriendshipIsMagic', u'titleofwork': u'My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/MyLittlePonyEquestriaGirlsRainbowRocks', u'titleofwork': u'My Little Pony: Equestria Girls \x96 Rainbow Rocks'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/SonicSatAm', u'titleofwork': u'Sonic Sat Am'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/JusticeLeague', u'titleofwork': u'Justice League'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/TheAvengersEarthsMightiestHeroes', u'titleofwork': u"The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes!"}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Motorcity', u'titleofwork': u'Motorcity'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/Futurama', u'titleofwork': u'Futurama'}, {u'genre': u'Western Animation', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/WesternAnimation/GravityFalls', u'titleofwork': u'Gravity Falls'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/ImperialJapan', u'titleofwork': u'Imperial Japan'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/WorldWarII', u'titleofwork': u'World War II'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/JohnFKennedy', u'titleofwork': u'Kennedy'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/SugarWiki/MomentOfAwesome', u'titleofwork': u'Cue'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Creator/TheBBC', u'titleofwork': u'The BBC'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/Norway', u'titleofwork': u'Norway'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/TheNapoleonicWars', u'titleofwork': u'The Napoleonic Wars'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/TheRomanEmpire', u'titleofwork': u'The Roman Empire'}, {u'genre': u'Real Life', u'link': u'http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/WorldWarOne', u'titleofwork': u'World War One'}], u'title': u'Darkest Hour - TV Tropes'}, u'_index': u'tropes_and_media'}]
